--- Page 1 ---
 
Microsoft Corporation - Azure 
DevOps 
System and Organization Controls 
(SOC) 2 Report 
October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 
 
 
BE Microsoft


--- Page 2 ---
 
 
 
Table of contents 
Executive Summary 
1 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s Report for the Security, 
Availability, Processing Integrity, and Confidentiality Criteria, and C5 3 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
8 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Azure DevOps 
System 
11 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Relevant 
Criteria and Related Controls, and Independent   Service Auditor’s 
Description of Tests of Controls and Results 
43 
Section 5: Other Information Provided by Management of Microsoft 203 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


--- Page 3 ---
 
1 
 
Executive Summary 
Microsoft Azure DevOps 
Scope 
Microsoft Azure DevOps 
Period of Examination 
October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 
Applicable Trust Services Criteria 
Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, and 
Confidentiality 
Additional Criteria 
Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik 
Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) 
Subservice Provider 
Microsoft Azure  
Opinion Result 
Unqualified  
Testing Exceptions 
0 
 
 
 
     


--- Page 4 ---
 
2 
 
 
Section 1: 
Independent Service  
Auditor’s Report for the 
Security, Availability, 
Processing Integrity, and 
Confidentiality Criteria, 
and C5 


--- Page 5 ---
 
3 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
1015 Second Avenue, 
Suite 500 
Seattle, WA 98104-1126 
Tel: +1 206 716 7000 
 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s 
Report for the Security, Availability, 
Processing Integrity, and Confidentiality 
Criteria, and C5 
 
Microsoft Corporation 
One Microsoft Way  
Redmond, WA 98052-6399 
Scope 
We have examined the description of the Azure DevOps1 system of management of Microsoft Corporation (the 
“Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) included in section 3, “Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Azure 
DevOps System” throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 (the “Description”) based on 
the criteria for a Description of a service organization’s system in DC section 200, 2018 Description Criteria for 
a Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® Report, in AICPA Description Criteria, (“description 
criteria”) and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls stated in the Description 
throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s 
service commitments and system requirements would be achieved based on the trust services criteria relevant 
to security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality (applicable trust services criteria) set forth in 
TSP section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and 
Privacy, in AICPA Trust Services Criteria. We have also examined the suitability of the design and operating 
effectiveness of the controls to meet the criteria set forth in the Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der 
Informationstechnik (BSI) Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (“C5”). BSI requires an attestation 
in order for the service provider to be considered certified as having met the criteria set forth in the BSI’s C5. 
The information included in section 5, “Other Information Provided by Management of Microsoft” is presented 
by management of Microsoft to provide additional information and is not a part of management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its Azure DevOps system made available to user entities during the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025. Content on the webpages directed by all the links in section 3 and information in section 
5 have not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the Description of the Azure DevOps 
system and of the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls, to achieve (a) Microsoft’s 
service commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria; and (b) the 
criteria set forth in C5, and, accordingly, we express no opinion on it. 
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) as a cloud platform and datacenter service to host its services 
(“subservice organization”). The Description indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that 
are suitably designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve (a) 
Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria; and 
(b) the criteria set forth in C5. The Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, 
the criteria set forth in C5, and the types of complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the 
design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description does not disclose the actual controls at the subservice 
organization. Our examination did not include the services provided by the subservice organization, and we 
 
1 Azure DevOps comprises of in-scope features defined in the Report Scope and Boundary subsection in section 3 of this SOC 2 report. 
Deloitte.


--- Page 6 ---
 
4 
have not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of such complementary subservice 
organization controls. 
The Description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve (a) Microsoft’s service commitments and 
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria; and (b) the criteria set forth in C5. The 
Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, the criteria set forth in C5, and 
the complementary user entity controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. Our examination did not 
extend to such complementary user entity controls, and we have not evaluated the suitability of the design or 
operating effectiveness of such complementary user entity controls. 
Service Organization’s Responsibilities 
Management of Microsoft is responsible for its service commitments and system requirements and for designing, 
implementing, and operating effective controls within the system to provide reasonable assurance that 
Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements would be achieved. Management of Microsoft has 
provided the accompanying assertion in section 2 titled "Management of Microsoft’s Assertion" (the “Assertion”) 
about the Description and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls stated therein. 
Management of Microsoft is also responsible for preparing the Description and Assertion, including the 
completeness, accuracy, and method of presentation of the Description and Assertion; providing the services 
covered by the Description; selecting the applicable trust services criteria and stating the related controls in the 
Description; and identifying the risks that threaten the achievement of the Service Organization’s service 
commitments and system requirements. 
Management of Microsoft is also responsible for selecting BSI C5 as additional criteria, and for implementing 
and operating effective controls to meet the requirements and the criteria set forth in C5. 
Service Auditor’s Responsibilities  
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Description and on the suitability of design and operating 
effectiveness of the controls stated in the Description, based on our examination.  
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) and International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 
(Revised), Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, issued by 
the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether, in all material respects, the Description 
is presented in accordance with the description criteria, and the controls stated therein were suitably designed 
and operating effectively to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria.  
We are also responsible for expressing an opinion about whether the controls stated in the Description were 
implemented and operated effectively to meet the requirements and the criteria set forth in C5 based on our 
examination. Attestations standards established by the AICPA require that we also plan and perform our 
examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether, in all material respects, Microsoft implemented and 
operated effective controls to meet the requirements and the criteria set forth in C5 based on our examination. 
We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our 
opinion. 
An examination of a Description of a service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and operating 
effectiveness of controls involves: 
• 
Obtaining an understanding of the system and the Service Organization's service commitments and system 


--- Page 7 ---
 
5 
requirements and the criteria set forth in C5. 
• 
Assessing the risks that the Description is not presented in accordance with the description criteria and that 
controls were not suitably designed or did not operate effectively. 
• 
Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether the Description is presented in accordance with 
the description criteria. 
• 
Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether controls stated in the Description were suitably 
designed to provide reasonable assurance that (a) the Service Organization would achieve its service 
commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria; and (b) the criteria 
set forth in C5. 
• 
Testing the operating effectiveness of those controls stated in the Description to provide reasonable 
assurance that (a) Microsoft achieved its service commitments and system requirements based on the 
applicable trust services criteria; and (b) the criteria set forth in C5 were achieved. 
• 
Evaluating the overall presentation of the Description. 
Our examination also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances. 
Service Auditor’s Independence and Quality Control 
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of 
Professional Conduct established by the AICPA and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. We have complied with those requirements. We applied the 
Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and the International Standards on Quality 
Management issued by the IAASB and, accordingly, maintain a comprehensive system of quality control. 
Inherent Limitations 
The Description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad range of report users and therefore may not 
include every aspect of the system that each individual report user may consider important to meet their 
informational needs.  
There are inherent limitations in any system of internal control, including the possibility of human error and the 
circumvention of controls. 
Because of their nature, controls may not always operate effectively to provide reasonable assurance that (a) 
the service organization’s service commitments and system requirements are achieved based on the applicable 
trust services criteria; and (b) the criteria set forth in C5 are achieved. Also, the projection to the future of any 
conclusions about the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls is subject to the risk that 
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Description of Tests of Controls 
The specific controls tested, and the nature, timing, and results of those tests are listed in section 4, 
“Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Relevant Criteria and Related Controls, and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results.” 
Opinion 
In our opinion, in all material respects: 


--- Page 8 ---
 
6 
a. The Description presents Microsoft’s Azure DevOps system that was designed and implemented throughout 
the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 in accordance with the description criteria. 
b. The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls operated 
effectively throughout that period and if the subservice organization and user entities applied the 
complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls throughout that period. 
c. The controls stated in the Description operated effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if the subservice organization 
and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls operated 
effectively throughout that period. 
d.  The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that the criteria set forth in C5 would be achieved, if 
its controls operated effectively throughout that period and if the subservice organization and user entities 
applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls throughout that period. 
e.  The controls stated in the Description operated effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that the criteria set forth in C5 would be achieved, if 
the subservice organization and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of 
Microsoft’s controls operated effectively throughout that period. 
Restricted Use  
This report, including the description of tests of controls and results thereof in section 4, is intended solely for 
the information and use of management of Microsoft, user entities of Microsoft’s Azure DevOps system during 
some or all of the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, business partners of Microsoft subject to risks 
arising from interactions with Microsoft’s system, practitioners providing services to such user entities and 
business partners, prospective user entities and business partners, and regulators who have sufficient 
knowledge and understanding of the following: 
• 
The nature of the service provided by Microsoft. 
• 
How Microsoft’s system interacts with user entities, business partners, subservice organizations, and other 
parties. 
• 
Internal control and its limitations. 
• 
Complementary user entity controls and complementary subservice organization controls and how they 
interact with related controls at Microsoft to achieve Microsoft’s commitments and system requirements and 
the criteria set forth in C5. 
• 
User entity responsibilities and how they may affect the user entity’s ability to effectively use Microsoft’s 
services. 
• 
The applicable trust services criteria and the criteria set forth in C5. 
• 
The risks that may threaten the achievement of Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements 
and how controls address those risks. 
• 
This report is not intended to be, and should not be, used by anyone other than these specified parties. 
 
December 1, 2025 
Delete ¢ Touche LLP


--- Page 9 ---
 
7 
 
 
 
Section 2:  
Management of Microsoft’s 
Assertion 


--- Page 10 ---
 
8 
 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s 
Assertion 
For the period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025 
We have prepared the description of the Azure DevOps2 system of Management of Microsoft Corporation (the 
“Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) included in section 3, “Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Azure 
DevOps System” throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 (the “Description”) based on 
criteria for a description of a service organization’s system in DC section 200, 2018 Description Criteria for a 
Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® Report, in AICPA Description Criteria, (“description 
criteria”). The Description is intended to provide users with information about our system that may be useful 
when assessing the risks arising from interactions with Microsoft’s system, particularly information about system 
controls that Microsoft has designed, implemented, and operated to provide reasonable assurance that (a) its 
service commitments and system requirements were achieved based on the trust services criteria relevant to 
security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality (“applicable trust services criteria”) set forth in 
TSP Section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and 
Privacy, in AICPA Trust Services Criteria; and (b) the criteria set forth in the Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der 
Informationstechnik (BSI) Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (“C5”) were achieved. 
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) for platform and datacenter services. The Description indicates that 
complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably designed and operating effectively are 
necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve (a) Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria; and (b) the criteria set forth in C5. The Description 
presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, the criteria set forth in C5, and the types of 
complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description 
does not disclose the actual controls at the subservice organization. The Description does not extend to controls 
of the subservice organization. 
The description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve (a) Microsoft’s service commitments and 
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria; and (b) the criteria set forth in C5. The 
Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, the criteria set forth in C5, and 
the complementary user entity controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description does not 
extend to controls of the user entities. 
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that: 
a. The Description presents Microsoft’s system that was designed and implemented throughout the period 
October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 in accordance with the description criteria. 
b. The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls operated 
effectively throughout that period and if the subservice organization and user entities applied the 
complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls throughout that period.  
 
2 Azure DevOps comprises of in-scope features defined in the Report Scope and Boundary subsection in section 3 of this SOC 2 report. 
Microsoft Corporation
Tel 425 882 8080
One Microsoft Way
Fax 425 706 7329
Redmond, WA 98052-6399
www.microsoft.com
BE Microsoft


--- Page 11 ---
 
9 
c. 
The controls stated in the Description operated effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements were achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if the subservice organization 
and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls 
operated effectively throughout that period. 
d. The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that the criteria set forth in C5 would be achieved, 
if its controls operated effectively throughout that period and if the subservice organization and user 
entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls throughout 
that period. 
e. The controls stated in the Description operated effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that the criteria set forth in C5 were achieved, if 
the subservice organization and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design 
of Microsoft’s controls operated effectively throughout that period. 


--- Page 12 ---
 
10 
 
 
Section 3: 
Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its Azure DevOps 
System 


--- Page 13 ---
 
11 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its Azure DevOps System 
Overview of Operations 
Business Description 
Azure DevOps provides a set of cloud-powered collaboration tools that work with customers’ existing Integrated 
Development Environment (IDE) or editor, to enable engineering teams to work effectively on software projects 
of diverse shapes and sizes. 
Azure 
DevOps 
supports 
many 
customers 
and 
partner 
organizations 
on 
collaborative software 
development projects by providing source control, project-tracking tools for agile teams and continuous 
integration functionality. Azure DevOps is designed to meet its security, privacy, and compliance requirements. 
Azure DevOps is designed to provide confidentiality, integrity, and availability of customer data. It also provides 
transparent accountability to allow customers and their agents to track the administration of services.  
Applicability of Report 
This report has been prepared to provide information on internal controls of Microsoft that may be relevant to 
customers pursuing the security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality trust services criteria. 
Microsoft has considered the service-specific characteristics and commitments to determine applicability of the 
SOC 2 Trust Services Criteria for the in-scope features. Based on the guidance from AICPA, the following are 
the applicability considerations: 
Trust Services 
Criteria 
Description 
Applicability Considerations 
Security 
Addresses risks related to potential abuse, 
theft, misuse, and improper access to system 
components 
Applies to features that store, process, or 
transmit customer data 
Availability 
Addresses risks related to system accessibility 
for processing, monitoring and maintenance 
Applies to features whose accessibility is 
advertised or committed by contract or by 
Service Level Agreement (SLA) 
Processing 
Integrity 
Addresses risks related to completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness of system / 
application processing of transactions 
Applies to features that process user- 
initiated or system-initiated events  
Confidentiality 
Addresses risks related to unauthorized access 
or disclosure of specific information designated 
as “confidential” within contractual 
arrangements 
Applies to features that store, process, or 
transmit customer data 


--- Page 14 ---
 
12 
Trust Services 
Criteria 
Description 
Applicability Considerations 
Privacy 
Addresses risks related to the protection and 
management of personal information 
Not applicable since financial and personal 
information of customers is collected and 
handled within Microsoft Online Services 
Customer Portal (MOCP), which is outside 
the scope of the Azure DevOps system 
boundary 
As such, the detail herein is intended to meet the common needs of a broad range of users and may not, 
therefore, include every aspect of the system that each customer may consider important. Furthermore, detail 
is limited to the controls in operation to support the features as defined in the Report Scope and Boundary 
described below. The authorized users of the system providing these features are limited to Azure DevOps 
personnel. 
Report Scope and Boundary 
This report covers the following Azure DevOps features including infrastructure, development, operations, and 
support for Azure DevOps: 
1. Team Foundation Service (TFS) 
a. Azure Boards  
b. Azure Repos  
c. 
Azure Pipelines 
i. 
Release Management (RM) 
2. Shared Platform Services (SPS) 
a. Account & Authorization 
b. Identity 
c. 
Licensing 
d. Profile 
e. Token 
3. Azure Test Plans 
4. Azure Artifacts 
a. Packages 
b. Feeds 
c. 
Blob Storage 
5. Service Hooks (SH) 
6. Code Search 
7. GitHub Advanced Security for Azure DevOps (GhAzDo) 


--- Page 15 ---
 
13 
Principal Service Commitments and System Requirements 
Microsoft makes service commitments to its customers and has established system requirements as part of the 
Azure DevOps service. Some of these commitments are principal to the performance of the service and relate 
to applicable trust services criteria. Microsoft is responsible for its service commitments and system 
requirements and for designing, implementing, and operating effective controls within the system to provide 
reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements are achieved. 
Service commitments to customers are documented and communicated in Service Level Agreements (SLAs) 
and other customer agreements such as the Microsoft Product Terms, Licensing Use Rights, Microsoft Privacy 
Statement, and Microsoft Trust Center, as well as in the description of the service offering provided online. 
Service commitments include, but are not limited to, the following: 
• 
Security: Microsoft has made commitments related to securing customer data and complying with relevant 
laws and regulations. These commitments are addressed through measures including data encryption, 
authentication mechanisms, physical security and other relevant security controls. 
• 
Availability: Microsoft has made commitments related to percentage uptime and connectivity for Azure 
DevOps as well as commitments related to service credits for instances of downtime.  
• 
Processing Integrity: Microsoft has made commitments related to processing customer actions completely, 
accurately and timely. These customer actions include, for example, specifying geographic regions for the 
storage and processing of customer data or executing load tests by specifying customized parameter sets.  
• 
Confidentiality: Microsoft has made commitments related to maintaining the confidentiality of customers’ 
data through data classification policies, data encryption and other relevant security controls.  
Microsoft has established operational requirements that support the achievement of service commitments, 
relevant laws and regulations, and other system requirements. Such requirements are communicated in Azure 
DevOps’ system policies and procedures, system design documentation, and contracts with customers. 
Information security policies define an organization-wide approach to how systems and data are protected. 
These include policies around how the service is designed and developed, how the system is operated, how the 
internal business systems are managed and how employees are hired and trained. In addition to these policies, 
standard operating procedures have been documented on how to carry out specific manual and automated 
processes required in the operation and development of various Azure DevOps features. 
Azure DevOps Environment 
Azure DevOps is developed and managed by the Azure DevOps team within Microsoft’s CoreAI division. The 
service is hosted on the Microsoft Azure cloud platform, which provides the underlying infrastructure and 
datacenter services. Azure DevOps is responsible for managing the application and the data that reside on this 
platform. Its operations and controls align with the same standards and processes followed across Microsoft’s  
CoreAI division. 
 
Figure 1: Azure DevOps Architecture - Stacked View 
Azure Test
Azure Test
Azure Test
Azure Test
SQL
Azure Portal
PEITS
Azure/Blob
OD
AAD (Entra ID)
MSA
Service Bus
Redis Cache
Compute
St
Networking
‘orage
Microsoft Datacenters
[MfAzure DevOps Features
‘I Underlying Azure Services


--- Page 16 ---
 
14 
Features and Software Overview 
Azure DevOps provides a set of cloud-powered collaboration tools for teams that develop software projects. 
Azure DevOps provides features for teams to share code, track work, and ship software by complementing the 
IDE. The following diagram shows an overview of Azure DevOps features and key components. 
 
Figure 2: Azure DevOps Core Infrastructure 
• 
Team Foundation Service (TFS): TFS is a cloud-powered product offering:  
o 
Azure Boards: Azure Boards provides agile tools to plan, track and discuss work across teams. 
o 
Azure Repos: Azure Repos are cloud-hosted private Git repos and can also be used to collaborate to 
build better code with pull requests and advanced file management. 
o 
Azure Pipelines: Azure Pipelines can be used to build, test, and deploy with continuous integration and 
deployment (CI/CD) that works with any language, platform, and cloud. It can also be used to connect 
to GitHub or any other Git provider and deploy continuously. 
- 
Release Management (RM): Release Management is a DevOps solution to automate deployments as 
well as workflows, apply security policies, manage users and retain full traceability. 
• 
Shared Platform Services (SPS): SPS provides features which are not Azure DevOps-specific, such as 
account authentication and authorization, licensing services, identity, profile, and token services. 
• 
Azure Test Plans: Azure Test Plans is used to test and ship code using manual and exploratory testing 
tools. 
• 
Azure Artifacts: Azure Artifacts is a tool to create, host, and share packages, and add artifacts to CI/CD 
pipelines. 
• 
Service Hooks (SH): Service Hooks uses the Representational State Transfer (REST) Application 
Programming Interfaces (APIs) to programmatically create subscriptions and notify customer service when 
a specific event in a team project occurs. 
we meine ES ea
——) es Se
i
he |
comme) El
mea
CE)
Ghardo
Ee
Gl
Cl
Cll
Ge
GCE
ED
Ez
‘A
=
aa


--- Page 17 ---
 
15 
• 
Code Search: Code Search provides fast, flexible and accurate search across all code. 
• 
GitHub Advanced Security for Azure DevOps (GhAzDo): GhAzDo is a native security suite that fits 
directly into customers’ Azure DevOps workflow. It automatically scans for exposed secrets, checks open-
source dependencies for known vulnerabilities and suggests fixes, and performs real-time static code 
analysis so that development teams can strengthen security without slowing down productivity. 
Microsoft Azure 
The Azure DevOps production infrastructure is hosted on Azure and located in globally distributed Microsoft 
datacenters. Azure is responsible for the physical security of the datacenters, data protection, physical hardware 
asset management, and network services. These datacenters are managed, monitored, and operated by 
Microsoft operations staff delivering online services 24x7x365. Azure DevOps operates out of the Microsoft 
datacenters located in the following regions: 
• 
North America 
o 
East US 
o 
East US 2 
o 
West US 
o 
West US 2 
o 
West Central US 
o 
Central US 
o 
South Central US  
o 
North Central US  
o 
Canada Central 
• 
Europe 
o 
West Europe  
o 
North Europe 
o 
UK South 
• 
South America 
o 
Brazil South 
• 
Asia 
o 
Central India 
o 
Southeast Asia 
• 
Australia 
o 
Australia East 
Azure also maintains and manages network and platform security. Azure DevOps incorporates security practices 
at the application layer to enhance security for Azure DevOps customers. Azure and its associated controls 
implemented to satisfy the in-scope trust services criteria, are not in scope for this report. 


--- Page 18 ---
 
16 
Microsoft Online Services Customer Portal and Microsoft Accounts / Organizational Accounts 
Users who have access to Azure DevOps have established authentication and authorization privileges based on 
their Microsoft Accounts (MSA), GitHub Accounts and/or Organizational Accounts. Azure DevOps customer billing 
is handled by Azure and the Microsoft Online Services Customer Portal (MOCP). MOCP and MSA or Organizational 
Accounts and GitHub Accounts and their associated authentication mechanisms are not in scope for this report. 
Core Service Engineering (CSE) 
Core Services Engineering (CSE) is an internal Microsoft business unit that is responsible for activities related 
to managing and operating Microsoft’s worldwide internal technologies infrastructure, corporate and product 
information, product production and distribution, and maintenance of key internal systems.  
Azure is responsible for hosting and managing resource domains for Azure DevOps and is carved out from the 
scope of this report. 
Azure DevOps Infrastructure 
Azure DevOps runs on the Azure Platform as a Service (PaaS) environment. Azure DevOps uploads the Azure 
DevOps application using Azure’s Management APIs. Azure handles the service management from provisioning 
to load balancing and health monitoring for continuous availability. 
Azure DevOps components are implemented as one or more Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets (VMSS) instances 
emulating the role of Application Tier (AT) or Job Agent (JA).  
1. Application Tier (Web VMSS): ATs are Azure web VMSS that interact with customers directly through 
Web browsers or other HTTP clients. 
 
2. Job Agent (Worker VMSS): JAs are Azure worker VMSS for more general use and designed to run a 
variety of backend jobs.  
Once an application is running, Azure continues to monitor it at the infrastructure level. If the code fails, the 
role instance crashes, or the physical machine which the instance is executing on fails, Azure automatically 
starts a new instance of this role. 
Data & Storage 
Azure DevOps uses Azure SQL Database for relational storage. Azure DevOps controls its data and access to 
the data. The Azure SQL Database team handles the administrative work, such as managing the hardware 
infrastructure and automatically keeping the database and operating system software up to date. Databases are 
automatically replicated with 1 master and 3 secondary replicas to address failures. A secondary instance of the 
database is promoted to primary in case the initially designated primary instance fails. 
Azure DevOps also uses Azure Storage Service blobs, tables and queues. Azure Storage accounts have 
redundant data copies in a pair region for fault tolerance.  
Azure DevOps Supporting Infrastructure  
Deployment Boxes 
Deployment boxes are primarily used by Release Management (RM) feature to deploy Azure DevOps, as well as 
customer applications in the Azure cloud. These VMSS servers also function as utility servers for manual 


--- Page 19 ---
 
17 
deployments, debugging, deploying new Azure DevOps instances, managing certificates, and collecting 
diagnostics information from production systems. 
Deployment boxes are infrastructure components used internally by the Azure DevOps Observability team to 
access the production environment. There is no storage of customer data within the deployment boxes.  
People 
Azure DevOps is comprised and supported by the following personnel who support in the delivery and 
management of its cloud-based services: 
 
 
Figure 3: Azure DevOps Organization Structure 
Azure DevOps Engineering Team 
The Azure DevOps engineering teams include personnel from the development, test, and Product Management 
(PM) disciplines for designing, developing, and testing of features and for providing technical support as needed. 
The Engineering teams manage the component life-cycle as well as monitor and support their specific services 
and features. Their responsibilities include: 
• 
Deploying new features 
• 
Providing operational support for existing features (DevOps model) 
• 
Proactively addressing potential platform and service issues 
• 
Reacting to incidents and support requests 
CoreAI 
Division
Azure 
DevOps
Azure 
DevOps 
Engineering 
Azure 
DevOps 
Redmond, 
WA, USA
Azure 
DevOps 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic
Azure 
DevOps 
Raleigh NC, 
USA 
Azure 
DevOps 
Hyderabad, 
India
Azure DevOps 
Observability
Azure DevOps 
Product 
Management
Azure 
DevOps 
Security 
Privacy and 
Compliance 
(SPC)


--- Page 20 ---
 
18 
Azure DevOps Observability Team 
The Azure DevOps Observability team is responsible for the infrastructure that provides operational and business 
data/insights to Azure DevOps and its stakeholders. Their responsibilities include: 
• 
Enabling the ability to monitor service health and investigate root cause for live site incidents 
• 
Supporting the cadence of business reporting and enabling data driven analysis 
• 
Providing guidance and enabling self-service so teams can enable telemetry and gain insights from exploring 
the resulting data 
Azure DevOps Product Management Team 
The Azure DevOps Product Management (PM) team is focused on feature development for the various Azure 
DevOps features. The Security, Privacy and Compliance (SPC) team sits within the PM team and is responsible 
for developing, maintaining and monitoring the Information Security (IS) Program including the Risk Assessment 
process. As part of managing compliance adherence, the team drives compliance and security related features 
within Azure DevOps. 
The SPC team works to make Azure DevOps a secure and compliant cloud platform by building common security 
technologies, tools, processes and best practices across Azure DevOps. The SPC team is also involved in the 
review of enhancements of Azure DevOps features to facilitate security considerations during the Secure 
Development Lifecycle (SDL). This team is also responsible for: 
• 
Assisting with Secure Development Lifecycle 
 
• 
Assisting with Incident Response 
 
• 
Driving security functionality and feature development work 
Control Environment 
Integrity and Ethical Values 
Corporate governance at Microsoft starts with an independent Board of Directors that establishes, maintains, 
and monitors standards and policies for ethics, business practices, and compliance that span the company. 
Corporate governance at Microsoft serves several purposes:  
1. To establish and preserve management accountability to Microsoft's owners by appropriately distributing 
rights and responsibilities among Microsoft Board members, managers, and shareholders.  
2. To provide a structure through which management and the Board set and attain objectives and monitor 
performance. 
3. To strengthen and safeguard a culture of business integrity and responsible business practices.  
4. To encourage the efficient use of resources and to require accountability for stewardship of these resources. 
Further information about Microsoft’s general corporate governance is available on the Microsoft public website. 


--- Page 21 ---
 
19 
Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct 
The Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and 
regulatory compliance. They summarize the principles and policies that guide Microsoft’s business activities and 
provide information about Microsoft’s Business Conduct and Compliance Program. The SBC was developed in 
full consideration of Sarbanes-Oxley and proposed NASDAQ listing requirements related to codes of conduct. 
Additional information about Microsoft’s SBC is available on the Microsoft public website. 
Training 
Annual SBC training is mandatory for all Microsoft employees and contingent staff. The SBC training includes 
information about Microsoft corporate policies for conducting business while conforming to applicable laws and 
regulations. It reinforces the need for employees to work with integrity and to comply with the laws of the 
countries where Microsoft operates. It also guides employees and contingent staff on how to report possible 
violations and find contact information if they need to report a violation or ask questions. Microsoft also trains 
its outsourced providers to understand and comply with Microsoft’s supplier code of conduct. 
Microsoft employees are also encouraged to attend in-person or virtual security training on an annual basis. The 
objective of these trainings is to educate engineers on secure design and operations that align with Microsoft’s 
security principles and strategy. These training sessions also aim to increase awareness of security threats. 
Microsoft recognizes that cyber-attacks and data breaches are real security threats that all enterprises face. 
Microsoft believes that every Microsoft employee plays a role in enhancing customer trust and protecting the 
Microsoft brand by following sound security practices. These courses are designed to help employees detect and 
prevent threats to the corporate network.  
Accountability  
All Microsoft and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in 
the Microsoft Security Policy and any applicable supporting procedures. Individuals not employed by Microsoft, 
but allowed to access, manage, or process information assets of the Azure DevOps environment, are also 
accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the Security Policy and procedures. 
Commitment to Competence 
Microsoft hiring managers define job requirements prior to recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Job requirements 
include the primary responsibilities and tasks involved in the job, background skills needed to perform the job, 
and personal qualifications desired. Once the requirements are determined, managers create a job description, 
which is a profile of the job and is used to identify potential candidates. When viable candidates are identified, 
the interview process begins to evaluate candidates and make an appropriate hiring decision. 
Microsoft employees create individual core priorities that align with those of their manager, organization, and 
Microsoft, and are supported with customer-centric actions and measures so that everyone is working toward 
the same overarching vision. Core priorities are established when employees are hired, and then updated 
throughout the year during one-on-one connect meetings with their manager. The primary focus of the connect 
meetings is to assess employees’ performance against their core priorities and to agree on an updated list of 
priorities going forward. A manager uses this evaluation of an individual employee's impact, taking into 
consideration what was accomplished, how the results were achieved and the demonstration of priorities 
relevant to the role. 
Microsoft’s Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing plans for executive officer 
development and corporate succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 


--- Page 22 ---
 
20 
Compliance and Ethics – Board of Directors and Senior Leadership 
The Compliance and Ethics designs and provides reports to the Board of Directors on compliance matters. 
Compliance and Ethics also organizes annual meetings with the Senior Leadership Team (SLT) for their 
compliance review. 
Internal Audit Department 
Microsoft has an Internal Audit (IA) function, which consists solely of independent directors who report directly 
to the Audit Committee (AC) of the Board of Directors. IA has a formal charter that is reviewed by the AC and 
management. Responsibilities of IA include performing audits, reporting issues, and making recommendations 
to management and the AC. 
Audit Committee  
The AC Charter and Responsibilities are published on Microsoft’s website. The AC meets privately on a quarterly 
basis with Microsoft’s external auditors and IA. The agendas for the quarterly AC meetings are found in the AC 
Responsibilities Calendar sent out with the Charter. In addition, the AC influences the company through the IA 
function. The AC reviews the scope of internal audit and assists in the process of identifying and resolving any 
issues. Lastly, the AC monitors itself by completing an annual self-evaluation.  
Risk Assessment 
Practices for Identification of Risk 
The Microsoft Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function provides management and accountability of Microsoft 
Corporate’s short- and long-term risks. ERM collaborates with Internal Audit, Financial Compliance Group, 
Operations, and Legal and Compliance groups to perform a formal risk management process. Risk assessments 
include risks in financial reporting, fraud, and compliance with laws. 
Further, Azure DevOps performs a risk assessment of each feature on a rotating semi-annual basis, including 
potential hazards such as access monitoring, broad data breach, malware attacks, and privacy. Additionally, 
Azure DevOps performs a holistic risk assessment of the platform on an annual basis. Threats are evaluated for 
impact on the security, continuity, and operations of the Azure DevOps platform. 
Internal Audit - Fraud Risks  
IA and the Financial Integrity Unit (FIU) are responsible for identifying fraud risks across Microsoft. The FIU 
performs procedures for the detection, investigation, and prevention of financial fraud impacting Microsoft 
worldwide. Fraud and abuse that is uncovered is reported to the Disclosure Committee. The FIU provides both 
a reactive and proactive response to allegations of fraud and abuse. The FIU uses a case management system 
that is also used by the Director of Compliance to track cases and related metrics. The FIU interacts with 
Microsoft management, Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs (CELA), Human Resources (HR), Finance, 
Procurement, and others to determine specific fraud risks and responses.  
Periodic Risk Assessment  
The Microsoft Internal Audit team and other groups within the company perform a periodic risk assessment. The 
assessment is reviewed by senior management.  


--- Page 23 ---
 
21 
IA specialization area leaders determine high-priority risks across the company, including financial reporting, 
operational business process, and systems controls. Control failures are also assessed to determine whether 
they give rise to additional risks. 
Compliance and Ethics/ Internal Audit / Risk Management - Risk Responsibility  
The responsibility for risk is distributed throughout the organization based on the individual group’s services. 
Compliance and Ethics, IA, and the ERM teams work together to represent enterprise risk management. Through 
quarterly and year-end reviews, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Corporate Controller (and respective 
groups) review the disclosures and issues that may have arisen. 
Monitoring 
Azure DevOps Security and Compliance Monitoring 
Azure DevOps maintains reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures, internal controls, 
and information security routines intended to help protect customer data against accidental loss, destruction, 
or alteration; unauthorized disclosure or access; or unlawful destruction.  
Subservice Organization Monitoring 
Azure DevOps utilizes the internal subservice, Azure, which provides cloud services and datacenter hosting 
services. Azure DevOps’ management assesses the risks associated with the subservice organization and has 
implemented various management oversight and monitoring processes to ascertain that the organization 
continues to provide services in a controlled manner. These include, but are not limited to, reviewing third-party 
service auditor reports and holding discussions with the subservice organization’s management. 
Compliance and Ethics - Business Conduct Hotline  
There is a confidential and anonymous Business Conduct Hotline available for employees to report issues. The 
hotline is accessible 24x7 through email, phone, fax, and mail. The individual may also send a letter or fax 
reporting the concern to Microsoft’s Director of Compliance.  
Employees are instructed that it is their duty to promptly report any concerns of suspected or known violations 
of the Code of Professional Conduct, the SBC, or other Microsoft policies or guidelines. The procedures to be 
followed for such a report are outlined in the SBC, and the Whistle Blowing Reporting Procedure and Guidelines 
in the Employee Handbook. Employees are also encouraged to communicate the issue to their manager, their 
manager’s manager, their CELA contact, their HR contact, or the Compliance Office.  
Internal Audit  
Microsoft’s IA department provides support to management across the company by independently and 
objectively assessing whether the objectives of management are adequately performed, and by facilitating 
process improvements and the adoption of business practices, policies, and controls governing worldwide 
operations.  
Information and Communication 
An annual process exists to set objectives and commitments among all executives and is rolled down to 
employees. These commitments and objectives are filtered down to team members through the annual and 
mid-year review processes. 


--- Page 24 ---
 
22 
Internal Communication 
Responsibilities around internal controls are communicated broadly through Monthly Controller calls, All Hands 
Meetings run by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and email updates sent / conference calls held by the Financial 
Compliance Group with the Sarbanes-Oxley extended project team. Responsibilities for compliance with policies 
are outlined in the SBC training.  
Office of the CFO - Communications External to the Company 
CFO communications outside the company occur throughout the year and, where appropriate, these external 
communications include a discussion of the company’s attitude towards sound internal controls. The Office of 
the CFO is responsible for communications outside the company such as Quarterly Earnings Release, Financial 
Analyst meetings, customer visits, external conferences, and external publications. 
Data 
Customers upload data to store or process in Azure DevOps. In addition, certain types of data are provided by 
the customers or generated on the customer’s behalf to enable the use of the Azure DevOps components. 
Microsoft only uses customer data to support the provisioning of the services subscribed to by the customers in 
accordance with the Service Level Agreements. The customer-provided data is broadly classified into the 
following data types: 
1. Access Control Data is data used to manage access to other types of data or functions within Azure 
DevOps. 
2. Customer Content is the data, information, and code that Microsoft internal employees, and non-Microsoft 
personnel (if present) provide to, transfer in, store in or process.  
3. End-user Identifiable Information (EUII) is data that directly identifies or could be used to identify the 
authenticated user of a Microsoft service. EUII does not extend to other personal information found in 
Customer Content. 
4. Support Data is data provided to Microsoft and generated by Microsoft as part of support activities. 
5. Feedback is data provided as part of a review or feedback for one of Microsoft’s products and services that 
includes personal data. 
6. Account Data is information about payment instruments. This type of data is not stored in the Azure 
DevOps platform. 
7. Public Personal Data is publicly available personal information that Microsoft obtains from external 
sources. 
8. End User Pseudonymous Identifiers (EUPI) are identifiers created by Microsoft tied to the user of a 
Microsoft service.  
9. Organization Identifiable Information (OII) is data that can be used to identify a particular tenant / 
Azure DevOps organization. 
10. System Metadata is data generated in the course of running the service, not linkable to a user or tenant. 
It does not contain Access Control Data, Customer Content, EUII, Support Data, Account Data, Public 
Personal Data, EUPI, or OII. 


--- Page 25 ---
 
23 
11. Public Non-Personal Data is publicly available information that Microsoft obtains from external sources. 
It does not contain Public Personal Data. 
The following table illustrates some examples of the different data elements provided by the customer with 
respect to the in-scope Azure DevOps features. 
Azure DevOps Feature 
Data Element 
Data Type 
TFS 
Azure Boards: Work Items 
Customer Content 
Azure Boards: Work Item Attachments 
Customer Content 
Azure Repos: Source Code 
Customer Content 
Azure Pipelines: Release Definitions 
Customer Content 
Microsoft Server Names / Server IPs 
System Metadata 
SPS 
Account & Authorization: Storage Keys & Account 
Passwords 
Access Control Data 
Profile: Customer Profile Data 
Customer Content 
Profile: Internet Protocol Address and Email 
Address 
End-user Identifiable 
Information (EUII) 
Token: Authentication Token Hashes 
Access Control Data 
Azure Test Plans 
Test Data and Results 
Customer Content 
Azure Artifacts 
Package Data and Feeds 
Customer Content 
Service Hooks 
Storage Keys & Account Passwords 
Access Control Data 
Code Search 
Storage Keys & Account Passwords 
Access Control Data 
Source Code Indices 
Customer Content 
GhAzDo 
Security Data Analysis, Alerts and Metadata 
Customer Content 
 
Data Ownership 
Customer data is handled and stored in accordance with the accepted standards for the service. Microsoft does 
not claim ownership over customer data or information that passes through the Azure DevOps service or that is 
hosted in its repositories. The Azure DevOps Terms and Conditions (Microsoft Product Terms) cover the 
agreement with the customers regarding data ownership. Further, customer data is accessible within agreed-
upon services in data formats compatible with providing those services. 


--- Page 26 ---
 
24 
Applicable Data Elements 
For the purposes of this report, Microsoft has implemented controls to protect the data elements specifically 
covered under Customer Content and Access Control Data. 
Description of Controls 
Security Organization - Information Security Program 
Azure DevOps has established an Information Security Program that provides documented management 
direction and support for implementing information security within the Azure DevOps environment. The design 
and implementation of applicable controls are defined based on the type of Azure DevOps feature and its 
architecture. 
The objective of the Information Security Program of Azure DevOps is to maintain Confidentiality, Integrity, and 
Availability (CIA) of information while complying with applicable legislative, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements.  
The Information Security Program consists of the following components:  
1. Policy, Standards and Procedures  
2. Risk Assessment  
3. Training and Awareness  
4. Security Implementation  
5. Review and Compliance  
6. Management Reporting  
The Information Security Program is based on the International Organization of Standards (ISO) Codes of 
Practice for information security management ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standard. Its accompanying policies and 
processes provide a framework to assess risks to the Azure DevOps environment, develop mitigating strategies 
and implement security controls. In addition, team-specific Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) are 
developed to carry out specific operational tasks in the following areas:  
1. Access Control 
2. Asset Management 
3. Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery 
4. Capacity Management 
5. Cryptographic Controls 
6. Document and Records Management 
7. Exception Process 
8. Change and Release Management 
9. Incident Management 
10. Legal and Regulatory Compliance 
11. Logging and Monitoring 
12. Secure Development Lifecycle 
13. Third Party Management 


--- Page 27 ---
 
25 
14. Vulnerability Scanning and Patch Management 
Information Security Policy 
Azure DevOps adheres to Microsoft’s Information Security Policy (MSP) that addresses security, availability and 
confidentiality for Azure DevOps. The Information Security Policy outlines high level objectives related to 
information security, defines risk management requirements and information security roles and responsibilities. 
The policy contains rules and requirements that must be adhered to in the delivery and support of Azure DevOps 
components. SOPs are developed to support the policy. The policy is communicated to employees, contractors 
and third parties. 
The Azure DevOps Information Security Management Forum (ISMF), which is comprised of stakeholders and 
representatives from Security, Engineering, Operations as well as supporting business functions (e.g., CELA, 
and HR), reviews and provides input into the Microsoft Information Security Policy. 
The policy is reviewed and updated, as necessary, at least annually, or more frequently, in the event of a 
significant security event, or upon significant changes to the service or business model, legal requirements, 
organization or platform.  
Each management-endorsed version of the MSP and subsequent updates are distributed to relevant stakeholders 
from Azure DevOps Security and Compliance intranet site.  
Information System Review 
Azure DevOps performs a periodic Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and the results are 
reviewed with the management. ISMS documents cover scope, declaration of applicability and the results of the 
last management review. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS control 
environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
Compliance Requirements 
Azure DevOps maintains reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures, internal controls, 
and information security routines intended to help protect customer data against accidental loss, destruction, 
or alteration; unauthorized disclosure or access; or unlawful destruction. Azure DevOps compliance 
requirements are monitored and reviewed regularly with CELA and other internal organizations, as applicable. 
Members of the Azure DevOps SPC, Azure Compliance, and Cloud + AI Security teams update relevant SOPs, 
Security Policy and service descriptions in order to remain in-line with compliance requirements. The Security 
Policy requires a periodic review of the performance of policies and procedures governing information security. 
The Compliance team coordinates independent third-party audits (internal and external), which evaluate 
systems and control owners for compliance with security policies, standards, and other requirements. Audit 
activities are planned and agreed upon in advance by stakeholders, including approval for the necessary read 
access required to perform such audits to avoid impacting the overall availability of the service. External 
independent audits are performed at least annually and any findings are prioritized and tracked to resolution. 
Personnel 
Microsoft performs employee background screening as determined by the hiring manager based on access to 
sensitive data, including access to personally identifiable information or to back-end computing assets and 
according to customer requirements, as applicable. For contractors or contingent staff, vendor companies are 
required to conduct background screening. Microsoft also employs a formal performance review process to 
ensure employees adequately meet the responsibilities of their position, including adherence to company 
policies, information security policies, and workplace rules. Hiring managers may, at their discretion, initiate 


--- Page 28 ---
 
26 
corrective actions, up to and including immediate termination, if any aspect of an employee's performance and 
conduct is not satisfactory.  
Corporate policies are communicated to employees and relevant external parties during the onboarding process 
and as part of an annual security training and awareness education program. Non-disclosure agreements are 
signed by employees and relevant external parties upon engagement with Microsoft. Disciplinary actions are 
defined for persons who violate the security policy or commit a security breach. Security policy and non-
disclosure requirements are reviewed periodically to validate appropriate protection of information. 
Training and Awareness 
Information security training and awareness is provided to Azure DevOps employees, contractors and third-
parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on applicable policies, standards and information security practices. 
Awareness training on security, availability and confidentiality of information is provided to Azure DevOps 
employees at the time of joining as part of induction. In addition, Azure DevOps staff participate in a mandatory 
security, compliance, and privacy training periodically in order to design, build, and operate secure cloud 
services. Please refer to the previous section on training for details. 
Employees receive information security training and awareness through different programs such as new 
employee orientation, computer-based training, and periodic Azure DevOps communication (e.g., compliance 
and security program updates). These include training and awareness pertaining to Azure DevOps, in the 
security, availability, confidentiality, and integrity domains. In addition, job-specific training is provided to Azure 
DevOps personnel, where appropriate. The key objectives of the information security training and awareness 
program are listed below: 
• 
The learner will be able to articulate the need to protect confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the 
Azure DevOps environment. 
• 
The learner will be able to apply basic security practices to safeguard the Azure DevOps environment and 
customer information. 
• 
The learner will understand the criticality of security, compliance and privacy in relation to customer 
expectations. 
• 
The learner will have a basic understanding of Azure DevOps’ responsibility to meet compliance and privacy 
commitments. 
• 
The learner will know where to find additional information on security, privacy, and compliance. 
Roles and Responsibilities 
Information security roles and responsibilities are defined across the different Azure DevOps functions. The 
cross-functional Azure DevOps ISMF is responsible for information security matters and they discuss, review 
and coordinate security activities across Azure DevOps. In addition, the Azure DevOps Security team facilitates 
implementation of security controls and provides security guidance to the Azure DevOps teams. The Azure 
DevOps Security, Privacy and Compliance team coordinates with representatives from CELA (legal, compliance 
requirements, secure development and privacy), HR (personnel security) and Azure (security policy 
requirements) on additional information security related activities impacting the Azure DevOps service.  
Risk Management 
Azure DevOps has developed and documented a risk assessment policy to address the purpose, scope, roles, 
and responsibilities for managing deviations from the security policies/standards. The risk assessment policy 
and procedures are reviewed and updated on an annual basis. Security risks related to external parties (such 
as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within the Azure DevOps environment 


--- Page 29 ---
 
27 
based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with 
relevant corporate groups (e.g., CELA, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties and 
establishing relevant agreements. Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based 
on the services that will be provided and data handled. The list of reviewed suppliers is maintained, and their 
risk profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
Azure DevOps Compliance 
Microsoft Azure DevOps supports compliance with a broad set of industry-specific laws and meets broad 
international standards. Azure DevOps has ISO 27001 and ISO 27018 certifications. Operated and maintained 
globally, Microsoft Azure DevOps is regularly and independently verified for compliance with industry and 
international standards and provides customers the foundation to achieve compliance for their applications. 
More information is available from the Microsoft Trust Center. 
Communications 
Policies Communication 
Azure DevOps maintains communication with employees using the corporate intranet sites, emails, and trainings 
etc. The communications include, but are not limited to, communication of Azure DevOps policies and 
procedures, corporate events, new initiatives, and awareness on ISMS and Business Continuity Management 
System. Changes and updates to Azure DevOps policies and procedures, and all subsequent updates are 
distributed to all relevant stakeholders from the Azure DevOps SPC intranet site.  
Service Level Agreements 
Azure DevOps details commitments made regarding delivery or performance of services. Details are published 
in the Service Level Agreements (SLAs) available for the service on the following website: Service Level 
Agreements 
Customer Communication 
Prior to engaging Azure DevOps services, customers are required to review and agree with the acceptable use 
of data and the Azure DevOps service, as well as security and privacy requirements, which are defined in the 
Microsoft Online Services Use Rights, Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement, Azure DevOps Privacy 
Statement, and Azure DevOps Terms and Conditions. 
Subsequent communication with customers is primarily achieved through the website Azure DevOps. 
• Service Health Dashboard - Azure DevOps maintains and notifies customers of potential changes and events 
that may impact security, availability, or confidentiality of the service through an online Service Health 
Dashboard. The Service Health Dashboard is used to disclose the nature, timing, extent, and disposition of 
the incidents impacting various Azure DevOps services. The online Service Dashboard is updated in real-time 
and RSS feeds are also available for subscription. The Status History section allows customers to inquire 
about past events as well as postmortem details. 
• Legal - Any changes / updates to the Service Agreement, Terms, End User License Agreement (EULA), 
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP), Privacy Statement or SLAs are posted on the Azure website. The information 
presented in the Microsoft Trust Center is current as of the “Last Updated” date at the top of each section, 
but is subject to change without notice. Customers are encouraged to review the Microsoft Trust Center 
periodically to be informed of new security, privacy and compliance developments.  


--- Page 30 ---
 
28 
• Contact Information - Customers are able to communicate with Azure DevOps support in various ways. The 
contact section presents forum access and direct contact for support.  
Details around confidentiality and related security obligations for customer data and guidelines and 
recommendations for the secure use of the cloud services is communicated through the Azure DevOps Data 
Protection 
whitepaper 
(https://aka.ms/AzureDevOpsSecurity) 
and 
Microsoft 
Trust 
Center 
(https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trust-center/product-overview). 
Azure DevOps maintains a customer support website containing detail for customers and other third-parties to 
inform about potential security issues and submit complaints. Reported issues are reviewed and addressed 
according to documented incident management procedures. Incidents for Azure DevOps are triaged by the 
appropriate team members for review and resolution. 
Procedures to evaluate government investigative demands for customer data are established and documented. 
Procedures include a review and assessment by the Microsoft legal department, which will evaluate the legal 
basis for the request to determine what response is required, and notify the impacted customer where permitted 
by law. Where Microsoft is required to produce customer data, the minimum data responsive to the request as 
required by law is produced. These procedures are reviewed at least on an annual basis. 
Incident Management 
Azure DevOps has implemented an incident management framework that includes defined processes, roles, 
communications, responsibilities and procedures for detection, escalation and response to incidents internally 
and to customers.  
Incident Internal Monitoring and Communication  
The Azure DevOps Observability and Engineering teams’ processes are crafted to ensure focus on service health 
and customer experience that minimizes the time to detect, respond to and mitigate impacting issues. 
Ownership for Live Site is shared across all Engineering disciplines. This results in process improvements, which 
evolve out of the direct experience, in the areas of monitoring, diagnostics, resiliency, and quality assurance. 
Live Site management in Azure DevOps is broken into three distinct tracks. The first track describes that the 
events are monitored and alerted. The second track lays out the process for handling incidents. The third track 
focuses on pulling out the learnings from each incident and to drive continual improvements into service Live 
Site health. Azure DevOps has a weekly cadence for review of Live Site Incidents (LSI). 


--- Page 31 ---
 
29 
 
Figure 4: Incident Management 
Incident Handling 
The Azure DevOps team uses the established incident classification, escalation and notification process for 
assessing an incident’s criticality and severity, and accordingly escalating to the appropriate groups for timely 
action. The Azure DevOps Live Site team, with assistance from additional Azure DevOps and Microsoft teams 
(e.g., Cloud + AI Security team for investigation, when necessary), documents, tracks, and coordinates 
response to incidents. Where required, security incidents are escalated to the privacy, legal or executive 
management team(s) following established forensic procedures to support potential legal action after an 
information security incident. 
Incident Post-mortem  
Post-mortem activities are conducted for customer impacting incidents with high severity ratings (i.e., severities 
0, 1, and 2) and security incidents. The post-mortems are reviewed by the Azure DevOps Engineering team 
during monthly review meetings with Azure DevOps senior management. Incident and security post-mortem 
trends are reviewed and evaluated on a periodic basis and, where necessary, the Azure DevOps service or 
security program may be updated to incorporate improvements identified because of incidents. 
Logical Access 
Customer Registration 
Azure DevOps customers register with Azure DevOps by setting up an account through the Azure DevOps portal 
using their Microsoft Account (MSA), an Organizational Account (Microsoft Entra ID) or GitHub credentials. Azure 
DevOps logically segregates these customer accounts to restrict unauthorized access. Microsoft Online Services 
Telemetry 
• Alerts - Define health 
alerts for failure modes 
• Diagnostics - Deliver 
instrumentation data and 
operational reports 
• Troubleshooting Guides - 
Guidance for investigation 
an alert is defined by the 
feature and then refined by 
the Engineering team 
• Failure Mode Testing - 
The Observability team 
performs failure testing to 
ensure alerts fire as 
expected 
• Onboarding - The Feature 
team works with their 
Service Engineers to 
onboard new alerts to be 
sent to the 24 x7 team 
Live Site Review 
• Goal - Monthly review of 
LSI ensures that Leadership 
has visibility into live site 
health and repeat issues 
• Cadence - Incidents have 
root cause documented and 
are reviewed on a weekly 
basis 
• Audience - Azure DevOps 
Leadership and Partners 
attend to drive impact; 
Developers attend to 
provide details on service 
incidents 
• Ownership - Dev owns 
reviews for App and Deploy 
issues; Observability team 
owns reviews for Platform 
issues 
• Driving Improvements - 
Bugs and problem work 
items are logged for gaps 
(e.g., missing alerts) and 
repeat root cause 
Incident Management 
• Detection - Product alerts 
start the Live Site Incident 
(LSI) process upon 
detection of health issues 
• Triage - The 24x7 team 
receives all critical alerts 
and confirms impact using 
TFS guidance 
• Escalation - Both Dev and 
Ops have individuals in the 
on-call rotation. 
Engineering team is the 
initial escalation path. 
Engineering team calls Dev 
as needed 
• Incident Management - A 
bridge is managed by the 
Engineering team which 
engages Dev and Partners 
to troubleshoot 
• Resolution - 
Communication and service 
restoration are actively 
driven until customer 
impact is eliminated 


--- Page 32 ---
 
30 
Customer Portal (MOCP), including billing and registration, and MSA, including password management, are 
outside the scope of this system description. 
Customer Authentication 
Azure DevOps customers can login to Azure DevOps with an MSA, an Organizational Account or GitHub 
credentials. Once the customer is authenticated to Azure DevOps, the customer is given a OpenID cookie that 
is valid only for a stipulated period. The service forces the customer to obtain a new cookie on a periodic basis. 
OpenID tokens are used by the browser and the client to communicate with Azure DevOps. Azure DevOps’ 
extensibility model exposes APIs based on REST, SOAP, OAuth, JSON and Service Hooks. Azure DevOps APIs 
can be accessed directly outside the browser. Azure DevOps has published a standard set of APIs with an 
ecosystem of tools and libraries on the Azure DevOps public documentation. Azure DevOps customers can 
connect to the Azure DevOps APIs using the following ways: 
• 
OAuth 2.0 Session Tokens: Customer web applications can also authenticate to REST APIs without having 
the applications request for their usernames and passwords repeatedly. Azure DevOps uses the OAuth 2.0 
protocol to authorize customer applications for users and generate access tokens. Customer applications 
use these tokens to authenticate while accessing REST APIs. 
• 
Personal Access Tokens: Applications that require Basic Authentication and non-interactive experiences 
can use Personal Access Tokens (PATs) to communicate with Azure DevOps. A PAT is an extension to OAuth 
capabilities. An authenticated user can create a PAT that then enables the user to use Basic Authentication 
without directly accessing customer credentials. In addition to capabilities of OAuth session tokens, PATs 
can also be scoped to specific Azure DevOps accounts, and can be revoked when required.  
• 
SSH authentication: Customers can connect to Git repos through SSH when the recommended Git 
Credential Managers or Personal Access Tokens cannot be used to securely connect using HTTPS 
authentication. SSH public key authentication works with a pair of generated encryption keys. 
Additionally, customers can configure settings to allow or deny access through these authentication 
mechanisms. Customer confidential data such as PATs, Session Tokens and SSH Public Key are hashed and 
stored securely. Furthermore, user sessions within the service portal expire after a stipulated period of inactivity. 
Operator Access 
Production Infrastructure Access Management 
The Microsoft Security Policy establishes the access control requirements for requesting and provisioning user 
access for accounts and services. The policy requires that access be denied by default, follow least privilege 
principle, and be granted only upon business need.  
Azure DevOps uses corporate and Azure-managed Active Directory (AD) infrastructure, wherever applicable, for 
centralized authentication and authorization to restrict access to the systems and features within the Azure 
DevOps environment.  
Domain-account management requests are routed to the designated asset owner or associated agent according 
to established account provisioning and de-provisioning processes for approval. Typically, access is controlled 
through domain security groups within the Active Directory in addition to the user’s individual accounts. User 
access requests require approval by the assigned security group owner. Requests for new access are 
automatically forwarded to the security group owner for approval in the system. 
Employee status data from Microsoft HR is used to facilitate the provisioning and removal of user accounts in 
the corporate and Azure-managed Entra ID domains. Automated feeds from Microsoft HR systems provide this 
information, and account management processes prevent the creation of an account for individuals that do not 


--- Page 33 ---
 
31 
have valid HR records. These feeds also initiate the removal of user accounts for terminated users from the 
Active Directory. Furthermore, production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a stipulated period of 
inactivity. 
Automated mechanisms are implemented to manage the appropriateness of user access to information systems. 
Policies and standards for password complexity are established and implemented for Azure DevOps personnel 
credentials.  
Production assets that are not domain-joined or that use local user accounts for authentication require 
appropriate approvals prior to being granted access. Manual, periodic reviews of individual accounts, service 
accounts and security group memberships on assets are performed to evaluate appropriateness of access to 
information systems, and remediation actions are taken, as necessary, based on the review. 
By default, on Azure DevOps Virtual Machines (VMs), user accounts are not created, and the Windows default 
administrator account is disabled. Temporary access for Azure DevOps personnel to customer data and 
applications is provisioned based on established procedures with the appropriate approvals. These temporary 
access events (i.e., request, approval, and revocation of access) are logged and tracked using an internal 
ticketing system per documented procedures. 
Access to Azure DevOps Infrastructure 
Azure DevOps maintains strict control over who has access to the Azure DevOps production environment and 
customer data. Persistent privileged access to production systems is limited to Observability team members. 
Production access to the Engineering team members is provided on a temporary basis to resolve Live Site issues. 
Access is only granted at the level of least privilege, required with a pre-defined expiry, and revoked as soon as 
the access period expires. Access requests and approvals are tracked and monitored in a separate system.  
Access points such as Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) require users to perform two-factor authentication using 
a smart card and AD domain credentials to gain access. SAW are secure hardened devices that limits access to 
specific users and whitelisted applications. Mobile devices connected to the production environment are limited 
to Secure Access Workstation (SAW) laptops and do not include phones or tablets. 
In the unlikely event where Just-in-Time (JIT) temporary access cannot be used, Azure DevOps service teams 
have the ability to access the production environment using designated break-glass accounts, which provide 
users a short-term admin-level access. Alerting and monitoring have been enabled for all break-glass accounts' 
access. Upon accessing a break-glass account, an alert is generated, whereupon the service team will investigate 
and determine if the access was appropriate. 
Remote Desktop 
Production servers are configured to require users to perform two-factor authentication using a smart card and 
a domain password to gain access to the Directory Services production servers using the Remote Desktop 
Connection application. Remote Desktop Connection has encryption settings enforced. 
Vulnerability Management 
Logging and Monitoring 
Azure DevOps uses Azure’s agent-based monitoring infrastructure within the Azure platform to provide 
automated logging and alerting capabilities. The monitoring system detects potential unauthorized activity and 
security events such as the creation of unauthorized local users, local groups, drivers, services, or IP 
configurations. The monitoring agents are responsible for monitoring a defined set of user and administrator 


--- Page 34 ---
 
32 
events, aggregating log events and sending the aggregated log information to a centralized log repository either 
at regular intervals or in real-time.  
Administrator, operator, and system activities performed within the Azure DevOps environment are logged and 
monitored. As such, Azure DevOps components are configured to use Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time 
and the clocks are synchronized with the domain controller server. 
Azure DevOps uses Azure’s alerting system to provide real-time alerting through automatic generation of emails 
and alarms based on the log information captured by the monitoring infrastructure. Feature teams are 
responsible for configuring the events to be alerted. The event and warning logs are aggregated, alerts are 
generated on anomalous behavior, and appropriate actions are taken in accordance with the incident handling 
procedures described in the Incident Management section. Engineering teams manage responses to malicious 
events, including escalating to and engaging specialized support groups. Also, availability of logging and 
monitoring software is monitored by internal tools on a continuous basis, and responsible personnel is notified 
in case of any failure. Logging servers are required to authenticate over encrypted channel to access logs 
generated within the production environment. Access to logging and monitoring infrastructure is restricted to 
authorized personnel. Azure DevOps provides logging mechanisms that can be configured by customers to log 
activities and metrics. 
System Monitoring Tools  
1. Geneva Monitoring within the Microsoft Azure platform provides automated logging and alerting 
capabilities for monitoring system use and detection of potential unauthorized activity. Its primary 
capabilities include Data Collection, Data Aggregation, Data Analysis and Information Access. 
2. Azure Security Monitoring (ASM) provides logging and alerting upon detection of breaches or attempts 
to breach Azure cloud-based platform trust boundaries. Critical security event logs generated are configured 
to alert through Azure’s alerting system. ASM monitors key security parameters to identify potentially 
malicious activity on Azure nodes.  
3. Microsoft Endpoint Protection (MEP) provides guards against malware that provides security value to 
the Azure VMSS. Microsoft’s antimalware endpoint solutions are designed to run quietly in the background 
without requiring human intervention. If malware is detected, the endpoint protection agent automatically 
acts to remove the detected threat. 
4. Windows Defender guards against malware and helps improve security of the Azure DevOps underlying 
infrastructure running VMSS running Windows Server 2016 and newer. Windows Defender can be configured 
to enable antimalware protection for the Azure DevOps virtual infrastructure. Microsoft’s antimalware 
solutions are designed to run quietly in the background without requiring human intervention. If malware is 
detected, the Windows Defender automatically takes action to remove the detected threat. 
In addition, the Azure DevOps Live Site team uses third-party external monitoring services to monitor service 
health and performance. 
Patch Management 
Patching of Azure VMSS 
Azure DevOps leverages Azure Shared Image Gallery to create custom VMSS images. New images are created 
on every patch Tuesday, which are used for the creation of new VMSS. Automatic OS upgrade is also enabled 
to ensure that the latest security fixes and patches are pushed to existing VMSS. 


--- Page 35 ---
 
33 
Vulnerability Scanning 
C+AI carries out frequent internal scans of Azure DevOps’ servers to identify vulnerabilities and assess the 
effectiveness of the patch management process. The scanning reports are reviewed by appropriate personnel 
and remediation efforts are conducted in a timely manner. 
Baseline Security Configuration for Services 
Azure DevOps leverages Azure’s established baselines for Azure VMSS. Baselines are actively monitored. Any 
deviation triggers appropriate notifications, and subsequent remediation activities are performed.  
Penetration Testing 
Penetration Testing (PEN Tests) is performed at least annually on the Azure DevOps environment. The PEN Test 
scope is determined based on Azure’s DevOps areas of risk and compliance requirements. PEN Test findings are 
remediated based on criticality. 
Software Development 
Secure Development 
Azure DevOps' software development practices, across each of the feature teams, are aligned with the Microsoft 
Secure Development Lifecycle (SDL) methodology established by Microsoft Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs 
(CELA). The SDL methodology introduces security and privacy control specifications during the feature / 
component design and throughout the development process, which are reviewed through designated security 
roles. Azure DevOps feature teams track and complete their SDL compliance for every major and minor release 
of Microsoft’s Azure DevOps services.  
Security testing runs in parallel with release management for Azure DevOps. This is an ongoing process. For 
each major and minor release, security bugs identified are tracked for criticality and subsequent closure. Security 
fixes are incorporated within the Azure DevOps environment.  
A designated group of security champs within the Azure DevOps feature teams provides guidance, performs 
periodic security reviews, and oversees the implementation of SDL activities into Azure DevOps software 
development projects. The SDL process specifies testing tools to check for potential security issues, such as 
input/output data validation. Exceptions identified through the process must be documented and appropriately 
reviewed for risk and approved by Security Advisors as well as the feature team management personnel. 
Issues/exceptions are evaluated based on the risk and resolved or approved prior to release.  
Authorized system changes are promoted from test, pre-production to production per the software change and 
release management process as described in the Change Management section. 
Source Code Control 
The Azure DevOps source code is stored within Azure DevOps’ internal instance repository, which provides the 
versioning system for the source code. Azure DevOps tracks the identity of the person who checks source code 
out, and what changes are made. Permission to make changes to the source code is provided by granting write 
access to the source code branches, which limits access to confined project boundaries per job responsibilities. 
In addition, source code builds are scanned for malware prior to production release. 
Access requests by Full-time Employees (FTEs) and non-FTEs to the source code repository require approval 
from the relevant project sponsor. Upon expiry, FTEs and non-FTEs need to submit a request to the project 
sponsor for access renewal.  


--- Page 36 ---
 
34 
Segregation of Duties 
Responsibilities for release management and production deployment are segregated among designated Azure 
DevOps personnel. 
Change Management 
Azure DevOps uses its own DevOps tools for collaboration, automated releases, and continuous delivery for 
delivering Azure DevOps features. From continuous integration to continuous delivery, Azure DevOps creates 
automated builds and repeatable workflows to keep code quality and deploy seamlessly. Azure DevOps uses its 
own built-in version control and build system, and integrates releasing applications to production and operations.  
The change management process requires changes to be submitted per a pull request which is then checked 
into a production build once secondary review and approval is obtained. The production build then undergoes 
release testing, review and deployment approval prior to being released to Azure DevOps production 
environments. 
Formal management responsibilities and procedures are in place to ensure reasonable control of changes to 
software, security or procedures. Changes are made to operational systems on a continuous basis to improve 
the systems with new features and bug fixes with a valid business reason. Implemented changes require the 
creation and retention of a “release” containing relevant information. Once released, changes are monitored for 
success; failed implementations are immediately rolled back and the change is not considered as completed 
until it is implemented and validated to operate as intended. 
The Azure DevOps Change Management process is established to plan, schedule, approve, apply, distribute, 
and track changes to the production environment through designated responsibilities with the objective of 
minimizing risk and customer impact. It further controls the integrity and reliability of the environment while 
maintaining the pace of change required for business purposes.  
Software and Infrastructure Changes 
Changes within the Azure DevOps environment are categorized into software changes and infrastructure 
changes. Changes are tracked through production deployment as a part of the release management process, 
based on the type of change. 
• 
Software and Infrastructure Changes - Software and infrastructure changes are modifications, 
enhancements and upgrades to the Azure DevOps platform software and underlying infrastructure. They 
include release changes, hotfixes, emergency changes and configuration changes. Azure DevOps ships 
features on a three-week cadence. The changes are tracked and deployed using the Azure DevOps Release 
tool. Changes submitted to the centralized repository are logged and can be traced to the individuals or 
system components executing them. 
All activity performed, including changes made, using a user’s break-glass account, is logged and alerted. 
Service teams will review the activity to ensure any changes made were appropriate. Azure DevOps has 
implemented tools to perform integrity verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, firmware 
and information. 
Segregation of Duties 
Azure DevOps reviews the progress of feature deployment at every stage of the release pipeline with full 
traceability. In the Azure DevOps model, individual engineers are responsible for ensuring changes developed 
and implemented into the business go through impact assessment, testing, and approval processes depending 
on the impact of the change. In addition, the Azure DevOps feature teams are responsible for enforcing 
segregation of duties in the Change Management process. 


--- Page 37 ---
 
35 
Separation of Environments 
Azure DevOps has implemented segregated environments for development, test and production, to support 
segregation of duties and prevent unauthorized changes to production. Azure DevOps maintains logical and 
physical separation between the DEV (development), TEST (pre-production) and PROD (production) 
environments. Virtual services run on different clusters in separate network segments. Access to TEST and PROD 
deployment boxes is restricted to authorized personnel from the Observability team. 
Deployment of software to production must meet testing criteria prior to release. Production deployments use 
approved software builds. In addition, production data is not used or copied to non-production environments. 
Test scripts and synthetic data are created for use in the development and test environments. 
Asset Management 
Azure DevOps assets are classified in accordance with Azure DevOps Classification guidelines. The classification 
process is owned by the Azure DevOps SPC team. Steps are taken to protect assets commensurate with the 
respective asset classification.  
Azure DevOps has adopted the information classification schemes used by Microsoft Corporation. Information is 
classified into five categories: Highly Confidential, Confidential, General, Public, and Non-business in 
consideration of its criticality and sensitivity of the information to Azure DevOps. Following are some examples 
of data elements collected by Azure DevOps features and their classification category based on the Azure DevOps 
Classification guidelines: 
• 
Access Control Data (Highly Confidential) 
• 
Customer Content (Confidential) 
• 
End-user Identifiable Information (Confidential) 
• 
End-user Pseudonymized Information (Confidential) 
• 
System Metadata (Confidential) 
• 
Organization Identifiable Information (Confidential) 
The security classification level of the asset is identified based on the following factors:  
• 
Impact on the business / process if the Confidentiality of the asset is breached 
• 
Impact on the business / process if the Integrity of the asset is compromised 
• 
Impact on the business / process if the Availability of the asset is not there 
The level of protection is determined based on the classification of the asset. Review of asset inventory and 
classification is performed on a periodic basis. 
Business Continuity Management 
Microsoft has established an organization-wide Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity Methodology (EBCM) 
framework that serves as a guideline for developing Azure DevOps Business Continuity Program. The program 
includes Business Continuity Policy, Implementation Guidelines, Business Impact Analysis (BIA), Risk 
Assessment, Dependency Analysis, Business Continuity Plan (BCP), Incident Management Plan, and Procedures 
for monitoring and improving the program. The Observability team manages the Business Continuity Program 
for Azure DevOps.  


--- Page 38 ---
 
36 
The Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP) is intended for use by Azure DevOps Incident Managers for the recovery from 
high-severity incidents (disasters) for Azure DevOps’ critical processes. The BCP and DRP are reviewed 
periodically.  
Azure DevOps Resiliency Program 
Azure DevOps has defined the BCP to serve as a guide to respond, recover and resume operations during a 
serious adverse event. The BCP covers the key personnel, resources, services and actions required to continue 
critical business processes and operations. This plan is intended to address extended business disruptions. The 
development of the BCP is based on the recommended guidelines of Microsoft’s EBCM.  
Azure DevOps’ critical business processes were determined during a BIA, in which Azure DevOps estimated 
potential operational and financial impacts if they could not perform a process, and determined the Recovery 
Time Objective (RTO) and Recovery Point Objective (RPO) of these processes.  
On a periodic basis, Azure DevOps performs testing of the BCP, which is used to assess the effectiveness and 
usability of the BCP and to identify areas where risks can be eliminated or mitigated. The results of testing are 
documented, validated and approved by the appropriate personnel. This information is used to create and 
prioritize work items.  
Capacity Management  
Azure DevOps continually monitors the service to ensure availability and addresses capacity issues in a timely 
manner. The process for the monthly capacity review is initiated by the Management team. The review includes 
an analysis of the capacity based on various parameters. Actions identified from the review are assigned for 
appropriate resolution. Additionally, the Microsoft Capacity Management team projects future capacity 
requirements based on internal operational reports, revenue forecasts and inputs from internal component 
teams. 
Data Security 
Please refer to the Data section above for information on data classification in Azure DevOps.  
Backup of Secrets 
 
Processes are implemented for the backup of secrets. Backup of secrets is managed by the Azure team and is 
not in scope of this report. 
Data Redundancy 
To protect data in the case of hardware or service failures, Azure Storage geo-replicates customer data between 
two locations within the same region that are hundreds of miles apart; for instance, between North and West 
Europe or between North and South United States. The exception to this is the Brazilian datacenter, which is 
paired with the South-Central US datacenter. For Azure blobs, customer data is replicated three times within a 
single datacenter and is replicated asynchronously to a second datacenter hundreds of miles away. As such, 
Azure always maintains the equivalent of six (6) copies of customer data. This enables Azure DevOps to failover 
to a separate datacenter in the case of a major outage or disaster while also providing local redundancy for 
hardware failures within a datacenter. For Azure SQL Database, daily backups are maintained offsite by Azure 
to minimize data loss in the case of datacenter disasters. Backups are monitored and errors are investigated 
and followed-up on appropriately by the Azure team. Please refer to the Azure Sites - Azure Blob Storage geo-
redundancy and Azure SQL geo-redundancy for further details. 


--- Page 39 ---
 
37 
Data Location 
Azure DevOps is available in multiple geographies across the world. By default, the location of Azure DevOps 
data is in the closest geography to the customer, but customers have the option to choose a different geography. 
If the customer wants to change the location, their organization’s data may be migrated to a different geography, 
with the assistance of Microsoft support. 
Data Segregation 
Azure DevOps assigns each customer a unique identifier as part of the initial setup process. The mapping 
between the customer unique identifier and customer data location within the partition table is in a configuration 
database hidden from each customer. Each customer’s data is segregated and partitioned within the partition 
database based on this unique identifier to ensure appropriate data segregation. 
Customer Data Deletion 
Customer data and metadata is disabled or deleted (per the direction of the customer) upon termination of their 
Azure DevOps Organization. Azure DevOps provides its customers with a “soft delete” period during which the 
organization’s data can be restored. Upon termination of this “soft delete” period, the clean-up job orchestrates 
the delete operation among the various Azure DevOps features and processes it until completion. 
Data Classification  
Data (also referred to as information and assets) is classified into eleven categories, as described in the Data 
section above, based on how it is used or may be used within the Azure DevOps service.  
Third Parties  
Third parties undergo a review process through Global Procurement and an approved vendor list is established. 
Purchase Orders to engage a third-party require a Microsoft Master Vendor Agreement (MMVA) to be established 
or a review to be performed by CELA. In addition to an MMVA, a signed Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) is 
also required. Vendors requiring access to source code are required to sign a Source Code Licensing Agreement 
as part the vendor procurement process. 
Platform Communication and Customer Secrets Protection 
Data integrity is a key component of the Azure DevOps system. Customer secrets are encrypted during storage 
and transit. The customer facing portal and APIs only allow access to the Azure DevOps service over a secure 
channel.  
Azure DevOps Inter-Component Communication 
Internal communication between key Azure DevOps components where customer data is transmitted and 
involved is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL certificates are Enhanced Key Usage (EKU) - enforced 
and self-signed, except for those certificates that are used for connections from outside the network.  
Secrets Management 
Azure DevOps uses Azure Key Vault for secret management. Secrets that are used to manage and maintain the 
service, such as SSL certificates and encryption keys, are managed, stored, and transmitted securely. Access 


--- Page 40 ---
 
38 
to these secrets requires specific permission, which is logged and recorded in a secure manner. Secrets are 
rotated on a regular cadence and can be rotated on-demand in the case of a security event or attrition. 
Cryptographic controls 
Cryptographic controls and approved algorithms are used for information protection within the Azure DevOps 
environment, and implemented based on the Azure DevOps Cryptographic Policy and Microsoft Cryptographic 
Standards. Cryptographic keys are managed throughout their lifecycle (e.g., generation, distribution, 
revocation) in accordance with established key management processes.  
Processing Integrity  
Azure DevOps monitors the processing of customer transactions by collecting and analyzing the activity logs 
generated by the Azure DevOps system. Activity logs include commands issued by customers, their execution 
status, and execution metrics such as the execution time. Based on a pre-defined logic, a command is classified 
as: 
• 
Failed command - in case the command was not able to execute completely or resulted in an error. 
 
• 
Slow command - in case the command took more than a threshold time period to execute. 
 
• 
Allow list command - a command designated out of scope for monitoring purposes, after receiving 
appropriate management approval. 
Azure DevOps feature teams analyze the trend of failed and slow commands across the Azure DevOps service 
using a Service Insights Dashboard to monitor the availability of the service as well as the success rate of 
customer transactions. Issues identified by the teams, based on the failed and slow command monitoring, or 
dip in the service availability below the defined SLA, are discussed during the weekly Live Site Review meetings 
and Monthly Service Review meetings with the leadership for investigation and remediation. 
Azure DevOps performs input validation to restrict any non-permissible requests to the API which includes 
checking for illegal characters, misplaced whitespaces, invalid SQL escape characters etc. when receiving inputs 
from customers, checking for appropriateness of resources requested based on service tier, performing basic 
form validation, checking for validity of the user (using certificates, token, etc.), and checking for validity of 
account details. Based on the input parameters received from customers, Azure DevOps appropriately provisions 
the resources for processing of customer transactions or generates errors if the requests made are non-
permissible. 
System Incidents 
There were no significant system incidents identified that (a) were the result of controls that were not suitably 
designed or operating effectively to achieve one or more of the service commitments and system 
requirements or the criteria set forth in C5; or otherwise (b) resulted in a significant failure in the achievement 
of one or more of those service commitments and system requirements or the criteria set forth in C5 during 
the period October 1, 2024, to September 30, 2025. 
Changes to the Azure DevOps system 
During the period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025, the only change to the Azure DevOps 
system was the introduction of the new feature, GitHub Azure DevOps (GhAzDo); no other modifications 
occurred that would affect report users’ understanding of how the system is used. 
  


--- Page 41 ---
 
39 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
The following list includes complementary user entity controls that Azure DevOps assumes its user entities have 
implemented. User organization auditors should determine whether the user entities have established sufficient 
controls in these areas:  
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Relevant Applicable Trust 
Services Criteria 
Relevant Applicable C5 
Criteria 
Customers are responsible for reporting to 
Azure DevOps the incidents and alerts that 
are specific to their Azure DevOps accounts. 
CC7.3, CC7.4, CC7.5 
OIS-03, OPS-20, OPS-21, 
SIM-01, SIM-04, SIM-05 
Customers utilizing Microsoft Entra ID 
(formerly Azure Active Directory) services are 
responsible for implementing appropriate 
authentication mechanisms and limiting 
administrative access to appropriate 
individuals to maintain integrity of their Azure 
DevOps account. 
CC5.2, CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, 
CC6.6 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-06, 
IDM-08, IDM-09, PSS-08, 
PSS-09 
Customers are responsible for establishing 
appropriate controls over the use of their 
Microsoft Accounts and passwords.  
CC6.1 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-03, 
IDM-06, IDM-08, IDM-09, 
PSS-05, PSS-08, PSS-09 
Customers are responsible for reviewing the 
access activities associated with their Azure 
DevOps accounts. 
CC5.2, CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3  
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-03, 
IDM-04, IDM-05 
Customers are responsible for appropriate 
protection of the secrets associated with their 
accounts. 
CC6.6  
IDM-08, CRY-03, CRY-04 
Customers’ administrators are responsible for 
the selection and use of their passwords. 
CC6.1 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-03, 
IDM-06, IDM-08, IDM-09, 
PSS-05, PSS-08, PSS-09 
Customers are responsible for ensuring that 
authorized users are added to their accounts. 
CC5.2, CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, 
CC6.6 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-03, 
IDM-04, IDM-05 
Customers are responsible to implement 
logical access controls to provide reasonable 
assurance that unauthorized access to Azure 
DevOps projects is restricted. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.6 
OPS-02, IDM-01, CRY-02, 
PSS-04, PSS-05 
Customers are responsible to assign unique 
IDs and secure passwords to users and 
customers accessing their Azure DevOps 
account. 
CC5.2, CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, 
CC6.6, CC6.8 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-03, 
IDM-06, IDM-08, IDM-09, 
PSS-05, PSS-08, PSS-09 


--- Page 42 ---
 
40 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Relevant Applicable Trust 
Services Criteria 
Relevant Applicable C5 
Criteria 
Customers are responsible for ensuring the 
supervision, management and control of 
access to data stored in Azure DevOps. 
CC5.2, CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, 
CC6.6 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-03, 
IDM-06, IDM-08, IDM-09, 
PSS-05, PSS-08, PSS-09 
External Subservice Organization and Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
The achievement of trust services criteria and criteria set forth in C5 related to Azure DevOps’ access control, 
data security, vulnerability and patch management, hardware change management and network security is 
dependent upon controls, known as complementary subservice organization controls, that are performed by the 
subservice provider.  
Each user entity’s internal controls should be evaluated in conjunction with Azure DevOps’ controls and the 
related tests and results described in section 4 of this report, while considering the complementary subservice 
organization controls expected to be implemented at the subservice organization, as described in the table 
below. The scope of this report does not include controls at the external subservice organization. Through the 
performance of the control activities described herein, including obtaining and evaluating the SOC 2 reports for 
the subservice provider, Azure DevOps monitors the subservice provider’s adherence to policies and procedures. 
Additionally, business process controls have been designed and implemented to identify exceptions to standard 
procedures and processing practices and to resolve them. 
Type of 
Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization 
Name 
Complementary 
Subservice Organization 
Controls 
Relevant 
Applicable Trust 
Services Criteria 
Relevant 
Applicable C5 
Criteria 
Secrets 
Management 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
encryption and backup of 
secrets stored on the Azure 
Key Vault service. 
CC6.6, CC7.2, A1.2, 
PI1.3, PI1.5 
OPS-06, OPS-07, 
OPS-08, OPS-09, 
IDM-08, CRY-03, 
CRY-04 
Backup 
monitoring 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
monitoring backups and 
handling any backup errors, 
including investigating and 
following up as needed 
CC7.2, A1.2, PI1.3, 
PI1.5 
OPS-06, OPS-07, 
OPS-08, OPS-09 
Backup of 
SQL Database  
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
maintaining Point in time 
Restore (PITR) capabilities 
for the Azure DevOps data 
stored on Azure SQL 
Databases. 
CC7.2, A1.2, C1.1, 
PI1.3, PI1.5 
OPS-06, OPS-07, 
OPS-08, OPS-09, 
PSS-12 


--- Page 43 ---
 
41 
Type of 
Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization 
Name 
Complementary 
Subservice Organization 
Controls 
Relevant 
Applicable Trust 
Services Criteria 
Relevant 
Applicable C5 
Criteria 
Backup of 
Storage 
Accounts 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
maintaining the backup of 
Storage Accounts. 
CC7.2, A1.2, C1.1, 
PI1.3, PI1.5 
OPS-06, OPS-07, 
OPS-08, OPS-09, 
PSS-12 
Security and 
anti-malware 
logging and 
vulnerability 
and baseline 
scanning 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure DevOps leverages 
Azure’s logging and 
reporting capabilities for 
appropriate monitoring of 
security and anti-malware 
events and vulnerability 
and baseline alerts.  
CC4.2, CC6.8, 
CC7.1, CC7.2, 
CC8.1 
OPS-05, OPS-10, 
OPS-12, OPS-13, 
OPS-14, OPS-23, 
DEV-01, PSS-02, 
PSS-03, PSS-04 
Physical and 
Environmental 
Security of 
Azure DevOps 
information 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
providing physical and 
environmental security to 
Azure DevOps application 
and data hosted at 
Microsoft datacenters. 
CC6.4, CC6.5, 
CC7.2 
PS-01, PS-02, PS-
03, PS-04, PS-05, 
PS-06, PS-07 
Hardware 
Change 
Management 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
hardware change 
management including 
commissioning and 
decommissioning. 
CC6.8, CC8.1, 
PI1.3, PI1.4 
AM-03, AM-04 
Network 
Security of 
Azure DevOps 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
maintaining controls over 
protection of the network 
environment and 
infrastructure, including 
perimeter firewalls and 
restricting access to 
network devices. 
CC6.4, CC6.5, 
CC7.2 
COS-01, COS-02, 
COS-03, COS-04, 
COS-05, COS-06, 
COS-07, COS-08 


--- Page 44 ---
 
42 
 
Section 4:  
Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its Relevant 
Criteria and Related Controls, 
and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests 
of Controls and Results 


--- Page 45 ---
 
43 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of Its Relevant Criteria and 
Related Controls, and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and 
Results 
Description of testing procedures performed 
Deloitte & Touche LLP performed a variety of tests relating to the controls listed in this section throughout the 
period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. Our tests of controls were performed on controls as 
they existed during the period of October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025 and were applied to those 
controls specified by Microsoft. 
In determining the nature, timing, and extent of tests, we considered (a) the nature and frequency of the 
controls being tested, (b) the types of available evidential matter, (c) the assessed level of control risk, (d) the 
expected effectiveness of the test, and (e) our understanding of the control environment. 
In addition to the tests listed below, we ascertained through multiple inquires with management and the control 
owner that each control activity listed below operated as described throughout the period. Tests performed are 
described below: 
Test 
Description 
Corroborative inquiry 
Conducted detailed interviews with relevant personnel to obtain 
evidence that the control was in operation during the report 
period and is accompanied by other procedures noted below 
that are necessary to corroborate the information derived from 
the inquiry. 
Observation 
Observed the performance of the control during the report 
period to evidence application of the specific control activity. 
Examination of documentation/inspection 
If the performance of the control is documented, inspected 
documents and reports indicating performance of the control. 
Reperformance of monitoring activities or 
manual controls 
Obtained documents used in the monitoring activity or manual 
control activity, independently reperformed the procedures, 
and compared any discrepancies identified with those identified 
by the responsible control owner. 
Reperformance of programmed 
processing 
Input test data, manually calculated expected results, and 
compared actual results of processing to expectations. 
 
 


--- Page 46 ---
 
44 
Testing of tools supporting control activities 
For the tools used in the performance of control activities in Section 4, we performed procedures to address the 
risks associated with their use. While these procedures were not specifically included in the test procedures 
listed in Section 4, they were completed as part of the testing to support our conclusions. 
Reliability of information produced by the Service Organization 
We performed procedures to evaluate whether the information provided by the service organization, which 
includes (a) information in response to ad hoc requests from the service auditor (e.g., population lists), and (b) 
information used in the execution of a control (e.g., exception reports or transaction reconciliations), was 
sufficiently reliable for our purposes by obtaining evidence about the accuracy and completeness of such 
information and evaluating whether the information was sufficiently precise and detailed for our purposes.  
Our procedures to evaluate whether this information was sufficiently reliable included procedures to address (a) 
the accuracy and completeness of source data, and (b) the creation and modification of applicable report logic 
and parameters. While these procedures were not specifically called out in the test procedures listed in this 
section, they were completed as a component of our testing to support the evaluation of whether or not the 
information is sufficiently precise and detailed for purposes of fully testing the controls identified by the Service 
Organization. 
Reporting on results of testing 
The concept of materiality is not applied when reporting the results of control tests because Deloitte & Touche 
LLP does not have the ability to determine whether an exception will be relevant to a particular user entity. 
Consequently, Deloitte & Touche LLP reports all exceptions. 
Results of Testing Performed 
The information regarding the tests of operating effectiveness is explained below in three parts: 
Part A: Contains the Trust Services Criteria, the related Azure DevOps control activities that cover those criteria, 
and the results of the test procedures performed. 
Part B: Contains the criteria set forth in C5, the related control activities that cover those criteria, and the 
results of the test procedures performed.  
Part C: Contains the details of the test procedures performed to test the operating effectiveness of Azure 
DevOps’ control activities and the results of the testing performed.  
The applicable trust services criteria, the criteria set forth in C5, and Azure DevOps’ control activities in Part A, 
B, and C are provided by Azure DevOps. 
 


--- Page 47 ---
 
45 
Part A: Trust Services Criteria, Control Activities provided by Azure DevOps, and Test Results provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP 
CONTROL ENVIRONMENT 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC1.1 COSO Principle 1: The entity 
demonstrates a commitment to integrity and 
ethical values. 
SOC2 - 8. Microsoft has defined disciplinary actions for employees 
and contingent staff that commit a security breach or violate the 
security policy. 
SOC2 - 9. Microsoft personnel and contingent staff undergo formal 
screening, including background verification checks as a part of the 
hiring process prior to being granted access. Additional screening is 
conducted in accordance with customer specific requirements, for 
employees with access to applicable data. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage. 
ELC - 1. Microsoft's values are accessible to employees via the 
Values SharePoint site and are updated as necessary by 
management. 
ELC - 2. Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team updates the 
Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the Code is 
made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft's 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory 
compliance. Compliance and Ethics team provides an annual 
Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for 
all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time 
are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
ELC - 3. Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, 
fax, website) that permit employees and non-employees to 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 48 ---
 
46 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning 
Business Conduct. 
CC1.2 COSO Principle 2: The board of 
directors demonstrates independence from 
management and exercises oversight of the 
development and performance of internal 
control. 
ELC - 4. The Audit Committee (AC) reviews its Charter and 
Responsibilities as listed in its calendar on an annual basis. The AC 
Responsibilities include meeting with the external and internal 
auditors on a quarterly basis; providing oversight on the 
development and performance of controls; and completing an annual 
self-evaluation. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
No exceptions noted. 
CC1.3 COSO Principle 3: Management 
establishes, with board oversight, structures, 
reporting lines, and appropriate authorities 
and responsibilities in the pursuit of 
objectives. 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security 
policy that defines the information security rules and requirements 
for the Azure DevOps environment. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and 
responsibilities to oversee implementation of the information security 
policy across the service. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with 
representation from various cross-functional teams including CELA, 
Marketing, security champions to identify and manage compliance 
with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 49 ---
 
47 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC1.4 COSO Principle 4: The entity 
demonstrates a commitment to attract, 
develop, and retain competent individuals in 
alignment with objectives. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security 
updates to Azure DevOps personnel. 
SOC2 - 9. Microsoft personnel and contingent staff undergo formal 
screening, including background verification checks as a part of the 
hiring process prior to being granted access. Additional screening is 
conducted in accordance with customer specific requirements, for 
employees with access to applicable data. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage. 
ELC - 1. Microsoft's values are accessible to employees via the 
Values SharePoint site and are updated as necessary by 
management. 
ELC - 7. Employees hold periodic connects with their managers to 
validate they are on the expected career path and facilitate greater 
collaboration. Employees also review their performance against their 
documented deliverables (priorities) and discuss the results with 
their managers. 
ELC - 8. The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing 
and discussing plans for executive officer development and corporate 
succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 
No exceptions noted. 
CC1.5 COSO Principle 5: The entity holds 
individuals accountable for their internal 
control responsibilities in the pursuit of 
objectives. 
IS - 2. The security policy is reviewed and approved annually by 
Microsoft management. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and 
responsibilities to oversee implementation of the information security 
policy across the service. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 50 ---
 
48 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
SOC2 - 8. Microsoft has defined disciplinary actions for employees 
and contingent staff that commit a security breach or violate the 
security policy. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
ELC - 2. Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team updates the 
Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the Code is 
made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft's 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory 
compliance. Compliance and Ethics team provides an annual 
Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for 
all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time 
are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
ELC - 3. Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, 
website) that permit employees and non-employees to communicate 
confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business 
Conduct. 
ELC - 7. Employees hold periodic connects with their managers to 
validate they are on the expected career path and facilitate greater 
collaboration. Employees also review their performance against their 
documented deliverables (priorities) and discuss the results with 
their managers. 


--- Page 51 ---
 
49 
COMMUNICATION AND INFORMATION 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC2.1 COSO Principle 13: The entity obtains 
or generates and uses relevant, quality 
information to support the functioning of 
internal control. 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security 
policy that defines the information security rules and requirements 
for the Azure DevOps environment. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements and the organization’s approach to meet these 
requirements should be explicitly defined, documented, and kept up 
to date for each information system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with 
representation from various cross-functional teams including CELA, 
Marketing, security champions to identify and manage compliance 
with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 52 ---
 
50 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
CC2.2 COSO Principle 14: The entity 
internally communicates information, 
including objectives and responsibilities for 
internal control, necessary to support the 
functioning of internal control. 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security 
policy that defines the information security rules and requirements 
for the Azure DevOps environment. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and 
responsibilities to oversee implementation of the information security 
policy across the service. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security 
updates to Azure DevOps personnel. 
SOC2 - 3. The service maintains a customer support website that 
describes the process for customers and other external users to 
inform about potential security issues and submitting complaints. 
Reported issues are reviewed and addressed per documented 
incident management procedures. 
SOC2 - 4. The service maintains and communicates the 
confidentiality and related security obligations for customer data via 
the Microsoft Trust Center. Guidelines and recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud services, as applicable, are communicated to 
customers. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may 
impact the service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to 
the security commitments and security obligations of the service's 
customers are updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely 
manner. 
SOC2 - 7. Prior to engaging in service, customers are required to 
review and agree with the acceptable use of data and the Service, as 
well as security and privacy requirements, which are defined in the 
Microsoft Online Services Use Rights, Microsoft Online Subscription 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 53 ---
 
51 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Agreement, Privacy Statement and Technical Overview of the 
Security Features. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information and 
information system usage. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with 
representation from various cross-functional teams including CELA, 
Marketing, security champions to identify and manage compliance 
with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
ELC - 2. Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team updates the 
Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the Code is 
made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft's 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory 
compliance. Compliance and Ethics team provides an annual 
Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for 
all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time 
are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
ELC - 3. Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, 
website) that permit employees and non-employees to communicate 
confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business 
Conduct. 


--- Page 54 ---
 
52 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC2.3 COSO Principle 15: The entity 
communicates with external parties 
regarding matters affecting the functioning of 
internal control. 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security 
policy that defines the information security rules and requirements 
for the Azure DevOps environment. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and 
responsibilities to oversee implementation of the information 
security policy across the service. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security 
updates to Azure DevOps personnel. 
SOC2 - 3. The service maintains a customer support website that 
describes the process for customers and other external users to 
inform about potential security issues and submitting complaints. 
Reported issues are reviewed and addressed per documented 
incident management procedures. 
SOC2 - 4. The service maintains and communicates the 
confidentiality and related security obligations for customer data via 
the Microsoft Trust Center. Guidelines and recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud services, as applicable, are communicated to 
customers. 
SOC2 - 5. The service maintains and distributes an accurate system 
description to authorized users. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may 
impact the service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to 
the security commitments and security obligations of the service's 
customers are updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely 
manner. 
SOC2 - 7. Prior to engaging in service, customers are required to 
review and agree with the acceptable use of data and the Service, as 
well as security and privacy requirements, which are defined in the 
Microsoft Online Services Use Rights, Microsoft Online Subscription 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 55 ---
 
53 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Agreement, Privacy Statement and Technical Overview of the 
Security Features. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information and 
information system usage. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with 
representation from various cross-functional teams including CELA, 
Marketing, security champions to identify and manage compliance 
with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
ELC - 2. Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team updates the 
Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the Code is 
made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft's 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory 
compliance. Compliance and Ethics team provides an annual 
Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for 
all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time 
are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 


--- Page 56 ---
 
54 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
ELC - 3. Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, 
website) that permit employees and non-employees to communicate 
confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business 
Conduct. 
RISK ASSESSMENT 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC3.1 COSO Principle 6: The entity specifies 
objectives with sufficient clarity to enable the 
identification and assessment of risks 
relating to objectives. 
SOC2 - 4. The service maintains and communicates the 
confidentiality and related security obligations for customer data via 
the Microsoft Trust Center. Guidelines and recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud services, as applicable, are communicated to 
customers. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may 
impact the service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes 
to the security commitments and security obligations of the service's 
customers are updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely 
manner. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements and the organization’s approach to meet these 
requirements should be explicitly defined, documented, and kept up 
to date for each information system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with 
representation from various cross-functional teams including CELA, 
Marketing, security champions to identify and manage compliance 
with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 57 ---
 
55 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk 
assessment that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As 
part of this process, threats to security are identified and risks from 
these threats are formally assessed. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 


--- Page 58 ---
 
56 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC3.2 COSO Principle 7: The entity identifies 
risks to the achievement of its objectives 
across the entity and analyzes risks as a 
basis for determining how the risks should be 
managed. 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to 
log and collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and 
supporting infrastructure to monitor the service for potential 
malicious activity and intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security vulnerabilities are remediated. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-
party and internal tools, and the status is communicated through a 
Service Dashboard. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 59 ---
 
57 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
C5 -12. Management has developed and documented a risk 
assessment policy to address the purpose, scope, roles, 
responsibilities for managing deviations from the security 
policies/standards. The risk assessment policy and procedures are 
reviewed and updated on an annual basis. 
CC3.3 COSO Principle 8: The entity 
considers the potential for fraud in assessing 
risks to the achievement of objectives. 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to 
log and collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and 
supporting infrastructure to monitor the service for potential 
malicious activity and intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security vulnerabilities are remediated. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 60 ---
 
58 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-
party and internal tools, and the status is communicated through a 
Service Dashboard. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
SOC2 - 2. The service maintains an inventory of key information 
assets. Procedures are established to review usage of key 
information assets on at least an annual basis. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 


--- Page 61 ---
 
59 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
CC3.4 COSO Principle 9: The entity identifies 
and assesses changes that could significantly 
impact the system of internal control. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements and the organization’s approach to meet these 
requirements should be explicitly defined, documented, and kept up 
to date for each information system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with 
representation from various cross-functional teams including CELA, 
Marketing, security champions to identify and manage compliance 
with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 62 ---
 
60 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 8. The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing 
and discussing plans for executive officer development and corporate 
succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
C5 - 12. Management has developed and documented a risk 
assessment policy to address the purpose, scope, roles, 
responsibilities for managing deviations from the security 
policies/standards. The risk assessment policy and procedures are 
reviewed and updated on an annual basis. 
 
MONITORING ACTIVITIES 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC4.1 COSO Principle 16: The entity selects, 
develops, and performs ongoing and/or 
separate evaluations to ascertain whether 
the components of internal control are 
present and functioning. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and 
supporting infrastructure to monitor the service for potential 
malicious activity and intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 63 ---
 
61 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security vulnerabilities are remediated. 
VM - 8. Penetration testing is performed on critical infrastructure 
components at least annually. Findings are documented, tracked and 
remediated. 
VM - 9. Azure DevOps provides logging mechanisms that can be 
configured by customers to log activities and metrics. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 2. Events, thresholds and metrics are defined and configured 
to detect incidents and alert the associated Service Operations team. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
SOC2 - 19. Microsoft Azure DevOps undergoes independent audits 
and assessments, at least annually, to monitor and verify compliance 
with security requirements. Findings are recorded, reviewed, 
prioritized, and remediation plans are developed. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 


--- Page 64 ---
 
62 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
CC4.2 COSO Principle 17: The entity 
evaluates and communicates internal control 
deficiencies in a timely manner to those 
parties responsible for taking corrective 
action, including senior management and the 
board of directors, as appropriate. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and 
supporting infrastructure to monitor the service for potential 
malicious activity and intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security vulnerabilities are remediated. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 2. Events, thresholds and metrics are defined and configured 
to detect incidents and alert the associated Service Operations team. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 65 ---
 
63 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
ELC - 4. The Audit Committee (AC) reviews its Charter and 
Responsibilities as listed in its calendar on an annual basis. The AC 
Responsibilities include meeting with the external and internal 
auditors on a quarterly basis; providing oversight on the 
development and performance of controls; and completing an 
annual self-evaluation. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
C5 - 12. Management has developed and documented a risk 
assessment policy to address the purpose, scope, roles, 
responsibilities for managing deviations from the security 
policies/standards. The risk assessment policy and procedures are 
reviewed and updated on an annual basis. 
 
 


--- Page 66 ---
 
64 
CONTROL ACTIVITIES 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC5.1 COSO Principle 10: The entity selects 
and develops control activities that 
contribute to the mitigation of risks to the 
achievement of objectives to acceptable 
levels. 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and 
published for critical services, which provide roles and 
responsibilities and detailed procedures for recovery and 
reconstitution of systems to a known state per defined Recovery 
Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives (RPO). Plans 
are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements and the organization’s approach to meet these 
requirements should be explicitly defined, documented, and kept up 
to date for each information system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SDL - 3. Responsibilities for production deployment are segregated 
within the feature teams. 
CM - 2. Secondary approval is required prior to all pull request 
check-ins to the production build, enforcing segregation among 
designated personal when implementing changes. 
No exceptions noted. 
Inconclusive for CM – 6: 
The operating effectiveness 
of this control activity was 
not tested during the 
examination period, as no 
instances of changes to 
production via break-glass 
were identified. 
 


--- Page 67 ---
 
65 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CM - 6. Any changes to production via break-glass have been 
reviewed to ensure all changes were appropriate.  
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
CC5.2 COSO Principle 11: The entity also 
selects and develops general control 
activities over technology to support the 
achievement of objectives. 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and 
published for critical services, which provide roles and 
responsibilities and detailed procedures for recovery and 
reconstitution of systems to a known state per defined Recovery 
Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives (RPO). Plans 
are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements and the organization’s approach to meet these 
requirements should be explicitly defined, documented, and kept up 
to date for each information system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
No exceptions noted. 
 
 


--- Page 68 ---
 
66 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SDL - 1. Development of new features and changes to existing 
features follow a defined approach based on the Microsoft Secure 
Development Lifecycle (SDL) methodology. 
SDL - 2. Applicable operational security and internal control 
requirements are documented and approved for Azure DevOps. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to 
employees, contractors, and service providers to specific 
applications or information resources. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's termination. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if 
access rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is 
modified based on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access 
for personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate 
approval. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to 
access production environment. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a 
Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. 
SAWs are hardened and secured devices with restricted access. 


--- Page 69 ---
 
67 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC5.3 COSO Principle 12: The entity deploys 
control activities through policies that 
establish what is expected and in procedures 
that put policies into action. 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security 
policy that defines the information security rules and requirements 
for the Azure DevOps environment. 
IS - 2. The security policy is reviewed and approved annually by 
Microsoft management. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and 
responsibilities to oversee implementation of the information 
security policy across the service. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security 
updates to Azure DevOps personnel. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
ELC - 2. Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team updates the 
Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the Code is 
made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects 
Microsoft's continued commitment to ethical business practices and 
regulatory compliance. Compliance and Ethics team provides an 
annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is 
mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete the 
training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
ELC - 3. Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, 
fax, website) that permit employees and non-employees to 
communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning 
Business Conduct. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 70 ---
 
68 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
services designed to provide assurance that the company is 
appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of 
assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 7. Employees hold periodic connects with their managers to 
validate they are on the expected career path and facilitate greater 
collaboration. Employees also review their performance against their 
documented deliverables (priorities) and discuss the results with 
their managers. 
 
 
 


--- Page 71 ---
 
69 
LOGICAL AND PHYSICAL ACCESS CONTROLS 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC6.1 The entity implements logical access 
security software, infrastructure, and 
architectures over protected information 
assets to protect them from security events 
to meet the entity's objectives. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to 
employees, contractors, and service providers to specific 
applications or information resources. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's termination. 
OA - 4. Password complexity standards are defined and enforced for 
Azure DevOps personnel credentials. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if 
access rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is 
modified based on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access 
for personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate 
approval. 
OA - 7. Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop 
Connection is used for administrator access to the production 
environment. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to 
access a production environment. 
OA - 9. Production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a 
Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. 
SAWs are hardened and secured devices with restricted access. 
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service 
requires authentication. 
No exceptions noted. 
 


--- Page 72 ---
 
70 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
LA - 2. Customer credentials used to access the service meet the 
applicable password policy requirements. 
LA - 3. Logical segregation is implemented to restrict unauthorized 
access to other customer tenants. 
LA - 4. Customer data that is confidential is protected while in 
storage within the service. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to 
further restrict authentication methods. 
LA - 6. User sessions within the service portal expire after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where 
customer data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or 
equivalent mechanism(s). 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data 
is removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines. 
SOC2 - 1. Service assets are classified in accordance with Microsoft 
Online Services Classification Guidelines. Microsoft has conducted 
security categorization for its information and information systems 
and the results are documented, reviewed and approved by the 
authorizing official. 
SOC2 - 2. The service maintains an inventory of key information 
assets. Procedures are established to review usage of key 
information assets on at least an annual basis. 
CC6.2 Prior to issuing system credentials 
and granting system access, the entity 
registers and authorizes new internal and 
external users whose access is administered 
by the entity. For those users whose access 
is administered by the entity, user system 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to 
No exceptions noted. 
 


--- Page 73 ---
 
71 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
credentials are removed when user access is 
no longer authorized. 
employees, contractors, and service providers to specific 
applications or information resources. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's termination. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if 
access rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is 
modified based on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access 
for personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate 
approval. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to 
access production environment. 
OA - 9. Production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a 
Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. 
SAWs are hardened and secured devices with restricted access. 
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service 
requires authentication. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to 
further restrict authentication methods. 
LA - 6. User sessions within the service portal expire after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
CC6.3 The entity authorizes, modifies, or 
removes access to data, software, functions, 
and other protected information assets based 
on roles, responsibilities, or the system 
design and changes, giving consideration to 
the concepts of least privilege and 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to 
employees, contractors, and service providers to specific 
applications or information resources. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 74 ---
 
72 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
segregation of duties, to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's termination. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if 
access rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is 
modified based on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access 
for personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate 
approval. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to 
access a production environment. 
OA - 9. Production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a 
Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. 
SAWs are hardened and secured devices with restricted access. 
LA - 6. User sessions within the service portal expire after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
CC6.4 The entity restricts physical access to 
facilities and protected information assets 
(for example, data center facilities, back-up 
media storage, and other sensitive locations) 
to authorized personnel to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
This Trust Service criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to 
the following reasons: 
The Physical and Environmental (PE) controls are performed by 
Microsoft Azure which, as mentioned in the system description, is 
carved out within the Azure DevOps SOC 2 report. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PE controls and 
criteria anticipated by this AICPA trust criteria. 
No exceptions noted. 
CC6.5 The entity discontinues logical and 
physical protections over physical assets only 
after the ability to read or recover data and 
software from those assets has been 
This Trust Service criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to 
the following reasons: 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 75 ---
 
73 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
diminished and is no longer required to meet 
the entity’s objectives. 
The Physical and Environmental (PE) controls are performed by 
Microsoft Azure which, as mentioned in the system description, is 
carved out within the Azure DevOps SOC 2 report. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PE controls and 
criteria anticipated by this AICPA trust criteria. 
CC6.6 The entity implements logical access 
security measures to protect against threats 
from sources outside its system boundaries.  
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service 
requires authentication. 
LA - 3. Logical segregation is implemented to restrict unauthorized 
access to other customer tenants. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to 
further restrict authentication methods. 
DS - 1. Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys 
used for communication between the features and other internal 
components are stored securely and are rotated on a periodic basis. 
DS - 2. Customer data communicated through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission over external networks. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where 
customer data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or 
equivalent mechanism(s). 
DS - 4. Cryptographic controls are used for information protection 
within the platform based on the Cryptographic Policy and Key 
Management procedures. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 7. Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop 
Connection is used for administrator access to the production 
environment. 
PI - 3. Azure DevOps performs input validation to restrict any non-
permissible requests to the API. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 76 ---
 
74 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC6.7 The entity restricts the transmission, 
movement, and removal of information to 
authorized internal and external users and 
processes, and protects it during 
transmission, movement, or removal to meet 
the entity’s objectives. 
DS - 2. Customer data communicated through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission over external networks. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where 
customer data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or 
equivalent mechanism(s). 
DS - 4. Cryptographic controls are used for information protection 
within the platform based on the Cryptographic Policy and Key 
Management procedures. 
OA - 7. Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop 
Connection is used for administrator access to the production 
environment. 
No exceptions noted. 
CC6.8 The entity implements controls to 
prevent or detect and act upon the 
introduction of unauthorized or malicious 
software to meet the entity’s objectives. 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to 
log and collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and 
supporting infrastructure to monitor the service for potential 
malicious activity and intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement 
Microsoft released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security vulnerabilities are remediated. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-
party and internal tools, and the status is communicated through a 
Service Dashboard. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 77 ---
 
75 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to 
employees, contractors, and service providers to specific 
applications or information resources. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to 
access production environment. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
PI - 3. Azure DevOps performs input validation to restrict any non-
permissible requests to the API. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the 
features are documented and communicated. 
C5 - 11. Azure DevOps has implemented tools to perform integrity 
verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, 
firmware and information. 
 
 
 


--- Page 78 ---
 
76 
SYSTEM OPERATIONS 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC7.1 To meet its objectives, the entity uses 
detection and monitoring procedures to 
identify (1) changes to configurations that 
result in the introduction of new 
vulnerabilities, and (2) susceptibilities to 
newly discovered vulnerabilities. 
PI - 3. Azure DevOps performs input validation to restrict any non-
permissible requests to the API. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to 
log and collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and 
supporting infrastructure to monitor the service for potential 
malicious activity and intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement 
Microsoft released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security vulnerabilities are remediated. 
CM - 6. Any changes to production via break-glass have been 
reviewed to ensure all changes were appropriate. 
C5 - 11. Azure DevOps has implemented tools to perform integrity 
verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, 
firmware and information. 
No exceptions noted. 
Inconclusive for CM – 6: 
The operating effectiveness 
of this control activity was 
not tested during the 
examination period, as no 
instances of changes to 
production via break-glass 
were identified. 
 
CC7.2 The entity monitors system 
components and the operation of those 
components for anomalies that are indicative 
of malicious acts, natural disasters, and 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to 
log and collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 79 ---
 
77 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
errors affecting the entity's ability to meet its 
objectives; anomalies are analyzed to 
determine whether they represent security 
events. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and 
supporting infrastructure to monitor the service for potential 
malicious activity and intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement 
Microsoft released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security vulnerabilities are remediated. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-
party and internal tools, and the status is communicated through a 
Service Dashboard. 
VM - 9. Azure DevOps provides logging mechanisms that can be 
configured by customers to log activities and metrics. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly 
and stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
DS - 6. Critical Azure DevOps components are designed with 
redundancy to sustain isolated faults and minimize disruptions to 
customer services. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 


--- Page 80 ---
 
78 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
C5 - 11. Azure DevOps has implemented tools to perform integrity 
verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, 
firmware and information. 
CC7.3 The entity evaluates security events 
to determine whether they could or have 
resulted in a failure of the entity to meet its 
objectives (security incidents) and, if so, 
takes actions to prevent or address such 
failures. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 2. Events, thresholds and metrics are defined and configured 
to detect incidents and alert the associated Service Operations 
team. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high 
severity incidents impacting the service environment. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
SOC2 - 3. The service maintains a customer support website that 
describes the process for customers and other external users to 
inform about potential security issues and submitting complaints. 
Reported issues are reviewed and addressed per documented 
incident management procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 
CC7.4 The entity responds to identified 
security incidents by executing a defined 
incident response program to understand, 
contain, remediate, and communicate 
security incidents, as appropriate. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 2. Events, thresholds and metrics are defined and configured 
to detect incidents and alert the associated Service Operations 
team. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 81 ---
 
79 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high 
severity incidents impacting the service environment. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-
party and internal tools, and the status is communicated through a 
Service Dashboard. 
SOC2 - 3. The service maintains a customer support website that 
describes the process for customers and other external users to 
inform about potential security issues and submitting complaints. 
Reported issues are reviewed and addressed per documented 
incident management procedures. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may 
impact the service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes 
to the security commitments and security obligations of the 
service's customers are updated on the Azure DevOps website in a 
timely manner. 
CC7.5 The entity identifies, develops, and 
implements activities to recover from 
identified security incidents. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 2. Events, thresholds and metrics are defined and configured 
to detect incidents and alert the associated Service Operations 
team. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 82 ---
 
80 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high 
severity incidents impacting the service environment. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious events detected by the monitoring system 
for timely resolution. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement 
Microsoft released patches to service components. 
SOC2 - 3. The service maintains a customer support website that 
describes the process for customers and other external users to 
inform about potential security issues and submitting complaints. 
Reported issues are reviewed and addressed per documented 
incident management procedures. 
BC - 4. The BCP team conducts testing of the business continuity 
and disaster recovery plans at least annually. Issues identified 
during testing are resolved during the exercises and plans are 
updated accordingly. 
 
 
 


--- Page 83 ---
 
81 
CHANGE MANAGEMENT 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC8.1 The entity authorizes, designs, 
develops or acquires, configures, documents, 
tests, approves, and implements changes to 
infrastructure, data, software, and 
procedures to meet its objectives. 
SDL - 1. Development of new features and changes to existing 
features follow a defined approach based on the Microsoft Secure 
Development Lifecycle (SDL) methodology. 
SDL - 2. Applicable operational security and internal control 
requirements are documented and approved for Azure DevOps. 
SDL - 3. Responsibilities for production deployment are segregated 
within the feature teams. 
SDL - 4. Separate environments, outside of production, are 
established for the purpose of developing and testing changes. 
Production data is not replicated in test or development 
environments. 
SDL - 5. Azure DevOps Services use code repositories for managing 
source code changes. Procedures are established to approve code 
changes made to source code repository. Code changes submitted 
to the repository are logged and can be traced to the individuals or 
system components executing them. 
SDL - 6. A security review of releases is performed on a periodic 
basis by designated security personnel within Azure DevOps. 
SDL - 7. Source code builds are scanned for malware prior to 
release to production. 
DS - 4. Cryptographic controls are used for information protection 
within the platform based on the Cryptographic Policy and Key 
Management procedures. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement 
Microsoft released patches to service components. 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high 
severity incidents impacting the service environment. 
No exceptions noted. 
Inconclusive for CM – 6: 
The operating effectiveness 
of this control activity was 
not tested during the 
examination period, as no 
instances of changes to 
production via break-glass 
were identified. 
 


--- Page 84 ---
 
82 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
SOC2 - 1. Service assets are classified in accordance with Microsoft 
Online Services Classification Guidelines. Microsoft has conducted 
security categorization for its information and information systems 
and the results are documented, reviewed and approved by the 
authorizing official. 
SOC2 - 2. The service maintains an inventory of key information 
assets. Procedures are established to review usage of key 
information assets on at least an annual basis. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps 
on a periodic basis. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the 
features are documented and communicated. 
CM - 2. Secondary approval is required prior to all pull request 
check-ins to the production build, enforcing segregation among 
designated personal when implementing changes. 
CM - 3. Key stakeholders approve prior to deploying release into 
production based on documented change management procedures. 
CM - 4. Software releases and configuration changes are tested 
based on established criteria prior to production implementation. 
CM - 5. Implemented changes are reviewed for adherence to 
established procedures prior to closure. Changes are rolled back to 
their previous state in case of errors or security concerns. 


--- Page 85 ---
 
83 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CM - 6. Any changes to production via break-glass have been 
reviewed to ensure all changes were appropriate. 
C5 - 11. Azure DevOps has implemented tools to perform integrity 
verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, 
firmware and information. 
 
RISK MITIGATION 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CC9.1 The entity identifies, selects, and 
develops risk mitigation activities for risks 
arising from potential business disruptions. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out and impacts are assessed for critical 
services based on revenue and operations considerations. 
No exceptions noted. 
CC9.2 The entity assesses and manages 
risks associated with vendors and business 
partners. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 86 ---
 
84 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security 
updates to Azure DevOps personnel. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities 
is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 6. Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain 
levels of skills and experience, depending on the role and holds 
them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand 
and comply with Microsoft’s supplier code of conduct. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
C5 - 9. Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk 
assessment based on the services that will be provided and data 
handled. List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
 
 
 


--- Page 87 ---
 
85 
ADDITIONAL CRITERIA FOR AVAILABILITY 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
A1.1 The entity maintains, monitors, and 
evaluates current processing capacity and 
use of system components (infrastructure, 
data, and software) to manage capacity 
demand and to enable the implementation of 
additional capacity to help meet its 
objectives. 
BC - 3. Microsoft has developed a Business Continuity and Disaster 
Recovery (BC / DR) Standard Operating Procedure and 
documentation that includes the defined information security and 
availability requirements. 
BC - 5. Management has established monitoring mechanisms to 
address capacity issues in a timely manner. 
PI - 2. Azure DevOps management reviews portal performance 
periodically to evaluate compliance with customer SLA requirements. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-
party and internal tools, and the status is communicated through a 
Service Dashboard. 
No exceptions noted. 
A1.2 The entity authorizes, designs, 
develops or acquires, implements, operates, 
approves, maintains, and monitors 
environmental protections, software, data 
back-up processes, and recovery 
infrastructure to meet its objectives. 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly 
and stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
DS - 6. Critical Azure DevOps components are designed with 
redundancy to sustain isolated faults and minimize disruptions to 
customer services. 
DS - 7. Customer data is automatically replicated to minimize 
isolated faults. Customers are able to determine geographical 
regions of the data processing and storage, including data backups. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data 
is removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines. 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and 
published for critical services, which provide roles and 
responsibilities and detailed procedures for recovery and 
reconstitution of systems to a known state per defined Recovery 
Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives (RPO). Plans 
are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 88 ---
 
86 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
BC - 3. Microsoft has developed a Business Continuity and Disaster 
Recovery (BC / DR) Standard Operating Procedure and 
documentation that includes the defined information security and 
availability requirements. 
A1.3 The entity tests recovery plan 
procedures supporting system recovery to 
meet its objectives. 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and 
published for critical services, which provide roles and 
responsibilities and detailed procedures for recovery and 
reconstitution of systems to a known state per defined Recovery 
Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives (RPO). Plans 
are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
BC - 4. The BCP team conducts testing of the business continuity 
and disaster recovery plans at least annually. Issues identified 
during testing are resolved during the exercises and plans are 
updated accordingly. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
 
 


--- Page 89 ---
 
87 
ADDITIONAL CRITERIA FOR CONFIDENTIALITY 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
C1.1 The entity identifies and maintains 
confidential information to meet the entity’s 
objectives related to confidentiality. 
DS - 7. Customer data is automatically replicated to minimize 
isolated faults. Customers are able to determine geographical 
regions of the data processing and storage, including data backups. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data 
is removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's termination. 
SOC2 - 1. Service assets are classified in accordance with Microsoft 
Online Services Classification Guidelines. Microsoft has conducted 
security categorization for its information and information systems 
and the results are documented, reviewed and approved by the 
authorizing official. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage. 
No exceptions noted. 
C1.2 The entity disposes of confidential 
information to meet the entity’s objectives 
related to confidentiality. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data 
is removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 90 ---
 
88 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
C5 - 4. Customer metadata is collected, retained, and removed 
based on the documented procedures. 
 
 
 


--- Page 91 ---
 
89 
ADDITIONAL CRITERIA FOR PROCESSING INTEGRITY 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
PI1.1 The entity obtains or generates, uses, 
and communicates relevant, quality 
information regarding the objectives related 
to processing, including definitions of data 
processed and product and service 
specifications, to support the use of products 
and services. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data 
is removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines. 
PI - 3. Azure DevOps performs input validation to restrict any non-
permissible requests to the API. 
SOC2 - 4. The service maintains and communicates the 
confidentiality and related security obligations for customer data via 
the Microsoft Trust Center. Guidelines and recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud services, as applicable, are communicated to 
customers. 
SOC2 - 5. The service maintains and distributes an accurate system 
description to authorized users. 
SOC2 - 7. Prior to engaging in service, customers are required to 
review and agree with the acceptable use of data and the Service, 
as well as security and privacy requirements, which are defined in 
the Microsoft Online Services Use Rights, Microsoft Online 
Subscription Agreement, Privacy Statement and Technical Overview 
of the Security Features. 
C5 - 13. Customer data is accessible within agreed upon services in 
data formats compatible with providing those services. 
No exceptions noted. 
PI1.2 The entity implements policies and 
procedures over system inputs, including 
controls over completeness and accuracy, to 
result in products, services, and reporting to 
meet the entity’s objectives. 
PI - 3. Azure DevOps performs input validation to restrict any non-
permissible requests to the API. 
PI - 4. Azure DevOps appropriately provisions the services based on 
request from customer through the portal/API. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 92 ---
 
90 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
PI1.3 The entity implements policies and 
procedures over system processing to result 
in products, services, and reporting to meet 
the entity’s objectives. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, 
including documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination 
of incidents per documented procedures. 
PI - 1. Azure DevOps monitors the transactions invoked by the 
customer and relays them appropriately to the designated end-
point. Actions are taken in response to defined threshold events. 
PI - 2. Azure DevOps management reviews portal performance 
periodically to evaluate compliance with customer SLA 
requirements. 
PI - 4. Azure DevOps appropriately provisions the services based on 
request from customer through the portal/API. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the 
features are documented and communicated. 
CM - 4. Software releases and configuration changes are tested 
based on established criteria prior to production implementation. 
CM - 5. Implemented changes are reviewed for adherence to 
established procedures prior to closure. Changes are rolled back to 
their previous state in case of errors or security concerns. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to 
employees, contractors, and service providers to specific 
applications or information resources. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's termination. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if 
access rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is 
modified based on the results of the reviews. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 93 ---
 
91 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access 
for personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate 
approval. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to 
access production environment. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a 
Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. 
SAWs are hardened and secured devices with restricted access. 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly 
and stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
DS - 6. Critical Azure DevOps components are designed with 
redundancy to sustain isolated faults and minimize disruptions to 
customer services. 
DS - 7. Customer data is automatically replicated to minimize 
isolated faults. Customers are able to determine geographical 
regions of the data processing and storage, including data backups. 
PI1.4 The entity implements policies and 
procedures to make available or deliver 
output completely, accurately, and timely in 
accordance with specifications to meet the 
entity’s objectives. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the 
features are documented and communicated. 
CM - 4. Software releases and configuration changes are tested 
based on established criteria prior to production implementation. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data 
is removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented procedures. 
PI - 4. Azure DevOps appropriately provisions the services based on 
request from customer through the portal/API. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 94 ---
 
92 
Trust Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
LA - 3. Logical segregation is implemented to restrict unauthorized 
access to other customer tenants. 
C5 - 11. Azure DevOps has implemented tools to perform integrity 
verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, 
firmware and information. 
PI1.5 The entity implements policies and 
procedures to store inputs, items in 
processing, and outputs completely, 
accurately, and timely in accordance with 
system specifications to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly 
and stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
DS - 6. Critical Azure DevOps components are designed with 
redundancy to sustain isolated faults and minimize disruptions to 
customer services. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data 
is removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
 


--- Page 95 ---
 
93 
Part B: C5 Criteria, Control Activities provided by Microsoft, and Test Results provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP 
OIS: Organization of Information Security 
Control Objective 5.1: Plan, implement, maintain and continuously improve the information security framework within the organisation. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OIS-01 The Cloud Service Provider 
operates an information security 
management system (ISMS) in 
accordance with ISO/IEC 27001. The 
scope of the ISMS covers the Cloud 
Service Provider's organisational units, 
locations and procedures for providing the 
cloud service. 
The measures for setting up, 
implementing, maintaining and 
continuously improving the ISMS are 
documented.  
The documentation includes: 
• Scope of the ISMS (Section 4.3 of 
ISO/IEC 27001); 
• Declaration of applicability (Section 
6.1.3), and 
• Results of the last management review 
(Section 9.3). 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with 
management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the 
procedures required to operate and maintain the Service 
environment, have been established and communicated to 
employees. SOPs are reviewed and approved annually by appropriate 
management. 
No exceptions noted. 
OIS-02 The top management of the 
Cloud Service Provider has adopted an 
information security policy and 
communicated it to internal and external 
employees as well as cloud customers. 
The policy describes: 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security policy 
that defines the information security rules and requirements for the 
Azure DevOps environment. 
IS - 2. The security policy is reviewed and approved annually by 
Microsoft management. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 96 ---
 
94 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• the importance of information security, 
based on the requirements of cloud 
customers in relation to information 
security; 
• the security objectives and the desired 
security level, based on the business 
goals and tasks of the Cloud Service 
Provider; 
• the most important aspects of the 
security strategy to achieve the security 
objectives set; and 
• the organisational structure for 
information security in the ISMS 
application area. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and responsibilities 
to oversee implementation of the information security policy across 
the service. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security updates 
to Azure DevOps personnel. 
OIS-03 Interfaces and dependencies 
between cloud service delivery activities 
performed by the Cloud Service Provider 
and activities performed by third parties 
are documented and communicated. This 
includes dealing with the following events: 
• Vulnerabilities; 
• Security incidents; and 
• Malfunctions. 
The type and scope of the documentation 
is geared towards the information 
requirements of the subject matter 
experts of the affected organisations in 
order to carry out the activities 
appropriately (e.g. definition of roles and 
responsibilities in guidelines, description 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and responsibilities 
to oversee implementation of the information security policy across 
the service. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for 
the detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
SOC2 - 3. The service maintains a customer support website that 
describes the process for customers and other external users to 
inform about potential security issues and submitting complaints. 
Reported issues are reviewed and addressed per documented incident 
management procedures. 
SOC2 - 4. The service maintains and communicates the 
confidentiality and related security obligations for customer data via 
the Microsoft Trust Center. Guidelines and recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud services, as applicable, are communicated to 
customers. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 97 ---
 
95 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
of cooperation obligations in service 
descriptions and contracts). 
The communication of changes to the 
interfaces and dependencies takes place 
in a timely manner so that the affected 
organisations and third parties can react 
appropriately with organisational and 
technical measures before the changes 
take effect. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact 
the service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the 
security commitments and security obligations of the service's 
customers are updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely 
manner. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must 
acknowledge Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities 
and expected behavior with regard to information and information 
system usage. 
OIS-04 Conflicting tasks and 
responsibilities are separated based on an 
OIS-06 risk assessment to reduce the risk 
of unauthorised or unintended changes or 
misuse of cloud customer data processed, 
stored or transmitted in the cloud service. 
The risk assessment covers the following 
areas, insofar as these are applicable to 
the provision of the Cloud Service and are 
in the area of responsibility of the Cloud 
Service Provider: 
• Administration of rights profiles, 
approval and assignment of access and 
access authorisations (cf. IDM-01); 
• Development, testing and release of 
changes (cf. DEV-01); and 
• Operation of the system components. 
If separation cannot be established for 
organisational or technical reasons, 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements and the organization’s approach to meet these 
requirements should be explicitly defined, documented, and kept up 
to date for each information system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk 
assessment that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As 
part of this process, threats to security are identified and risks from 
these threats are formally assessed. 
C5 - 11. Azure DevOps has implemented tools to perform integrity 
verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, 
firmware and information. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to 
access production environment. 
CM - 2. Secondary approval is required prior to all pull request check-
ins to the production build, enforcing segregation among designated 
personal when implementing changes. 
CM - 6. Any changes to production via break-glass have been 
reviewed to ensure all changes were appropriate.  
No exceptions noted. 
Inconclusive for CM – 6: 
The operating effectiveness of 
this control activity was not 
tested during the examination 
period, as no instances of 
changes to production via 
break-glass were identified. 
 


--- Page 98 ---
 
96 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
measures are in place to monitor the 
activities in order to detect unauthorised 
or unintended changes as well as misuse 
and to take appropriate actions. 
SDL - 3. Responsibilities for production deployment are segregated 
within the feature teams. 
PI - 4. Azure DevOps appropriately provisions the services based on 
request from customer through the portal/API. 
OIS-05 The Cloud Service Provider 
leverages relevant authorities and interest 
groups in order to stay informed about 
current threats and vulnerabilities. The 
information flows into the procedures for 
handling risks (cf. OIS-06) and 
vulnerabilities (cf. OPS-19). 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements and the organization’s approach to meet these 
requirements should be explicitly defined, documented, and kept up 
to date for each information system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with 
representation from various cross-functional teams including CELA, 
Marketing, security champions to identify and manage compliance 
with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. 
No exceptions noted. 
OIS-06 Policies and instructions for risk 
management procedures are documented, 
communicated and provided in 
accordance with SP-01 for the following 
aspects: 
• Identification of risks associated with 
the loss of confidentiality, integrity, 
availability and authenticity of information 
within the scope of the ISMS and 
assigning risk owners; 
• Analysis of the probability and impact of 
occurrence and determination of the level 
of risk; 
• Evaluation of the risk analysis based on 
defined criteria for risk acceptance and 
prioritisation of handling; 
• Handling of risks through measures, 
including approval of authorisation and 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk 
assessment that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As 
part of this process, threats to security are identified and risks from 
these threats are formally assessed. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 99 ---
 
97 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
acceptance of residual risks by risk 
owners; and 
• Documentation of the activities 
implemented to enable consistent, valid 
and comparable results. 
OIS-07 The Cloud Service Provider 
executes the process for handling risks as 
needed or at least once a year. The 
following aspects are taken into account 
when identifying risks, insofar as they are 
applicable to the cloud service provided 
and are within the area of responsibility of 
the Cloud Service Provider: 
• Processing, storage or transmission of 
data of cloud customers with different 
protection needs; 
• Occurrence of vulnerabilities and 
malfunctions in technical protective 
measures for separating shared 
resources; 
• Attacks via access points, including 
interfaces accessible from public 
networks; 
• Conflicting tasks and areas of 
responsibility that cannot be separated for 
organisational or technical reasons; and 
• Dependencies on subservice 
organisations. 
The analysis, evaluation and treatment of 
risks, including the approval of actions 
and acceptance of residual risks, is 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed 
within Azure DevOps environment based on Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. Designated responsibilities are defined to 
coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk 
assessment that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As 
part of this process, threats to security are identified and risks from 
these threats are formally assessed. 
ELC - 9. The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has 
established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify and 
manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed 
bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported 
to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 100 ---
 
98 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
reviewed for adequacy at least annually 
by the risk owners. 
 
SP: Security Policies and Instructions  
Control Objective 5.2: Provide policies and instructions regarding security requirements and to support business requirements. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
SP-01. Policies and instructions (incl. 
concepts and guidelines) are derived from 
the information security policy and are 
documented according to a uniform 
structure. They are communicated and 
made available to all internal and external 
employees of the Cloud Service Provider in 
an appropriate manner 
The policies and instructions are version 
controlled and approved by the top 
management of the Cloud Service Provider 
or an authorised body 
The policies and instructions describe at 
least the following aspects: 
• Objectives; 
• Scope; 
• Roles and responsibilities, including staff 
qualification requirements and the 
establishment of substitution rules; 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and approved 
annually by appropriate management. 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security policy that 
defines the information security rules and requirements for the Azure DevOps 
environment. 
IS - 2. The security policy is reviewed and approved annually by Microsoft 
management. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and responsibilities to 
oversee implementation of the information security policy across the service. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is established 
that includes policy training and periodic security updates to Azure DevOps 
personnel. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual requirements and 
the organization’s approach to meet these requirements should be explicitly 
defined, documented, and kept up to date for each information system and the 
organization. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with representation from 
various cross-functional teams including CELA, Marketing, security champions 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 101 ---
 
99 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Roles and dependencies on other 
organisations (especially cloud customers 
and subservice organisations); 
• Steps for the execution of the security 
strategy; and 
• Applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
 
to identify and manage compliance with relevant statutory, regulatory and 
contractual requirements. 
SP-02. Information security policies and 
instructions are reviewed at least annually 
for adequacy by the Cloud Service 
Provider's subject matter experts. 
The review shall consider at least the 
following aspects: 
• Organisational and technical changes in 
the procedures for providing the cloud 
service; and 
• Legal and regulatory changes in the Cloud 
Service Provider's environment. 
Revised policies and instructions are 
approved before they become effective. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and approved 
annually by appropriate management. 
IS - 2. The security policy is reviewed and approved annually by Microsoft 
management. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual requirements and 
the organization’s approach to meet these requirements should be explicitly 
defined, documented, and kept up to date for each information system and the 
organization. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with representation from 
various cross-functional teams including CELA, Marketing, security champions 
to identify and manage compliance with relevant statutory, regulatory and 
contractual requirements. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS 
control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring 
status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective actions. 
No exceptions noted. 
SP-03 Exceptions to the policies and 
instructions for information security as well 
as respective controls go through the OIS-
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 102 ---
 
100 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
06 risk management process, including 
approval of these exceptions and 
acceptance of the associated risks by the 
risk owners. The approvals of exceptions 
are documented, limited in time and are 
reviewed for appropriateness at least 
annually by the risk owners. 
responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with 
external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment that 
covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this process, 
threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are formally 
assessed. 
C5 - 12. Management has developed and documented a risk assessment policy 
to address the purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities for managing deviations 
from the security policies/standards. The risk assessment policy and procedures 
are reviewed and updated on an annual basis. 
 
HR: Personnel 
Control Objective 5.3: Ensure that employees understand their responsibilities, are aware of their responsibilities with regard to information security, 
and that the organisation's assets are protected in the event of changes in responsibilities or termination. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
HR-01 The competency and integrity of 
all internal and external employees of the 
Cloud Service Provider with access to 
cloud customer data or system 
components under the Cloud Service 
Provider's responsibility who are 
responsible to provide the cloud service in 
the production environment shall be 
verified prior to commencement of 
employment in accordance with local 
SOC2 - 9. Microsoft personnel and contingent staff undergo formal 
screening, including background verification checks as a part of the hiring 
process prior to being granted access. Additional screening is conducted in 
accordance with customer specific requirements, for employees with access 
to applicable data. 
ELC - 7. Employees hold periodic connects with their managers to validate 
they are on the expected career path and facilitate greater collaboration. 
Employees also review their performance against their documented 
deliverables (priorities) and discuss the results with their managers. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 103 ---
 
101 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
legislation and regulation by the Cloud 
Service Provider. 
To the extent permitted by law, the 
review will cover the following areas: 
• Verification of the person through 
identity card; 
• Verification of the CV; 
• Verification of academic titles and 
degrees; 
• Request of a police clearance certificate 
for applicants; 
• Certificate of good conduct or national 
equivalent; and 
• Evaluation of the risk to be blackmailed. 
 
HR-02 The Cloud Service Provider's 
internal and external employees are 
required by the employment terms and 
conditions to comply with applicable 
policies and instructions relating to 
information security. 
The information security policy, and the 
policies and instructions based on it, are 
to be acknowledged by the internal and 
external personnel in a documented form 
before access is granted to any cloud 
customer data or system components 
under the responsibility of the Cloud 
Service Provider used to provide the cloud 
service in the production environment. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage. 
ELC - 2. Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team updates the Standards of 
Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the Code is made available 
internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft's continued commitment 
to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. Compliance and 
Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training 
course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete 
the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security updates to 
Azure DevOps personnel. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 104 ---
 
102 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
HR-03 The Cloud Service Provider 
operates a target group-oriented security 
awareness and training program, which is 
completed by all internal and external 
employees of the Cloud Service Provider 
on a regular basis. The program is 
regularly updated based on changes to 
policies and instructions and the current 
threat situation and includes the following 
aspects: 
• Handling system components used to 
provide the cloud service in the 
production environment in accordance 
with applicable policies and procedures; 
• Handling cloud customer data in 
accordance with applicable policies and 
instructions and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements; 
• Information about the current threat 
situation; and 
• Correct behaviour in the event of 
security incidents. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security updates to 
Azure DevOps personnel. 
ELC - 6. Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of 
skills and experience, depending on the role and holds them accountable to 
achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a Statement of Work. 
Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
No exceptions noted. 
HR-04 In the event of violations of 
policies and instructions or applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements, actions 
are taken in accordance with a defined 
policy that includes the following aspects: 
• Verifying whether a violation has 
occurred; and 
SOC2 - 8. Microsoft has defined disciplinary actions for employees and 
contingent staff that commit a security breach or violate the security policy. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 105 ---
 
103 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Consideration of the nature and severity 
of the violation and its impact. 
The internal and external employees of 
the Cloud Service Provider are informed 
about possible disciplinary measures. 
The use of disciplinary measures is 
appropriately documented. 
HR-05 Internal and external employees 
have been informed about which 
responsibilities, arising from employment 
terms and conditions relating to 
information security, will remain in place 
when their employment is terminated or 
changed and for how long. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage. 
ELC - 2. Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team updates the Standards of 
Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the Code is made available 
internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft's continued commitment 
to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. Compliance and 
Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training 
course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete 
the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
No exceptions noted. 
HR-06 The non-disclosure or 
confidentiality agreements to be agreed 
with internal employees, external service 
providers and suppliers of the Cloud 
Service Provider are based on the 
requirements identified by the Cloud 
Service Provider for the protection of 
confidential information and operational 
details.  
The agreements are to be accepted by 
external service providers and suppliers 
when the contract is agreed. The 
SOC2 - 4. The service maintains and communicates the confidentiality and 
related security obligations for customer data via the Microsoft Trust Center. 
Guidelines and recommendations for the secure use of the cloud services, as 
applicable, are communicated to customers. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact the 
service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the security 
commitments and security obligations of the service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely manner. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset protection 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 106 ---
 
104 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
agreements must be accepted by internal 
employees of the Cloud Service Provider 
before authorisation to access data of 
cloud customers is granted. 
The requirements must be documented 
and reviewed at regular intervals (at least 
annually). If the review shows that the 
requirements need to be adapted, the 
non-disclosure or confidentiality 
agreements are updated. 
The Cloud Service Provider must inform 
the internal employees, external service 
providers and suppliers and obtain 
confirmation of the updated confidentiality 
or non-disclosure agreement. 
responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate 
groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks 
associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
 
AM: Asset Management 
Control Objective 5.4: Identify the organisation's own assets and ensure an appropriate level of protection throughout their lifecycle. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
AM-01 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established procedures for inventorying 
assets. 
The inventory is performed automatically 
and/or by the people or teams responsible 
for the assets to ensure complete, 
accurate, valid and consistent inventory 
throughout the asset lifecycle. 
SOC2 - 1. Service assets are classified in accordance with Microsoft Online 
Services Classification Guidelines. Microsoft has conducted security 
categorization for its information and information systems and the results 
are documented, reviewed and approved by the authorizing official. 
SOC2 - 2. The service maintains an inventory of key information assets. 
Procedures are established to review usage of key information assets on at 
least an annual basis. 
No exceptions noted. 
  
 


--- Page 107 ---
 
105 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Assets are recorded with the information 
needed to apply the Risk Management 
Procedure (Cf. OIS-07), including the 
measures taken to manage these risks 
throughout the asset lifecycle. Changes to 
this information are logged. 
AM-02 Policies and instructions for 
acceptable use and safe handling of 
assets are documented, communicated 
and provided in accordance with SP-01 
and address the following aspects of the 
asset lifecycle as applicable to the asset: 
• Approval procedures for acquisition, 
commissioning, maintenance, 
decommissioning, and disposal by 
authorised personnel or system 
components; 
• Inventory; 
• Classification and labelling based on the 
need for protection of the information and 
measures for the level of protection 
identified; 
• Secure configuration of mechanisms for 
error handling, logging, encryption, 
authentication and authorisation; 
• Requirements for versions of software 
and images as well as application of 
patches; 
• Handling of software for which support 
and security patches are not available 
anymore; 
SOC2 - 1. Service assets are classified in accordance with Microsoft Online 
Services Classification Guidelines. Microsoft has conducted security 
categorization for its information and information systems and the results 
are documented, reviewed and approved by the authorizing official. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage. 
C5 - 10. Microsoft has established policies for mobile computing devices to 
meet appropriate security practices prior to being connected to the 
production environment. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 108 ---
 
106 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Restriction of software installations or 
use of services; 
• Protection against malware; 
• Remote deactivation, deletion or 
blocking; 
• Physical delivery and transport; 
• dealing with incidents and 
vulnerabilities; and 
• Complete and irrevocable deletion of the 
data upon decommissioning. 
AM-03 The Cloud Service Provider has an 
approval process for the use of hardware 
to be commissioned, which is used to 
provide the cloud service in the 
production environment, in which the 
risks arising from the commissioning are 
identified, analysed and mitigated. 
Approval is granted after verification of 
the secure configuration of the 
mechanisms for error handling, logging, 
encryption, authentication and 
authorisation according to the intended 
use and based on the applicable policies. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for hardware change management including 
commissioning and decommissioning. 
No exceptions noted. 
AM-04 The decommissioning of hardware 
used to operate system components 
supporting the cloud service production 
environment under the responsibility of 
the Cloud Service Provider requires 
approval based on the applicable policies. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for hardware change management including 
commissioning and decommissioning. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 109 ---
 
107 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
The decommissioning includes the 
complete and permanent deletion of the 
data or proper destruction of the media. 
AM-05 The Cloud Service Provider's 
internal and external employees are 
provably committed to the policies and 
instructions for acceptable use and safe 
handling of assets before they can be 
used if the Cloud Service Provider has 
determined in a risk assessment that loss 
or unauthorised access could compromise 
the information security of the Cloud 
Service. 
Any assets handed over are provably 
returned upon termination of 
employment. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage. 
C5 - 10. Microsoft has established policies for mobile computing devices to 
meet appropriate security practices prior to being connected to the 
production environment. 
 
No exceptions noted. 
 
AM-06 Assets are classified and, if 
possible, labelled. Classification and 
labelling of an asset reflect the protection 
needs of the information it processes, 
stores, or transmits. 
The need for protection is determined by 
the individuals or groups responsible for 
the assets of the Cloud Service Provider 
according to a uniform schema. The 
schema provides levels of protection for 
the confidentiality, integrity, availability, 
and authenticity protection objectives. 
SOC2 - 1. Service assets are classified in accordance with Microsoft Online 
Services Classification Guidelines. Microsoft has conducted security 
categorization for its information and information systems and the results 
are documented, reviewed and approved by the authorizing official. 
C5 - 10. Microsoft has established policies for mobile computing devices to 
meet appropriate security practices prior to being connected to the 
production environment. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
 


--- Page 110 ---
 
108 
PS: Physical Security 
Control Objective 5.5: Prevent unauthorised physical access and protect against theft, damage, loss and outage of operations. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
PS-01 Security requirements for premises 
and buildings related to the cloud service 
provided, are based on the security 
objectives of the information security 
policy, identified protection requirements 
for the cloud service and the assessment 
of risks to physical and environmental 
security. The security requirements are 
documented, communicated and provided 
in a policy or concept according to SP-01. 
The security requirements for data 
centres are based on criteria which 
comply with established rules of 
technology. They are suitable for 
addressing the following risks in 
accordance with the applicable legal and 
contractual requirements: 
 
• Faults in planning; 
• Unauthorised access; 
• Insufficient surveillance; 
• Insufficient air-conditioning; 
• Fire and smoke;  
• Water; 
• Power failure; and 
• Air ventilation and filtration. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
The Physical Security (PS) controls are performed by Microsoft Azure which, 
as mentioned in the system description, and are carved out within the Azure 
DevOps SOC 2 report. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PS controls and criteria 
anticipated by C5. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 111 ---
 
109 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
If the Cloud Service Provider uses 
premises or buildings operated by third 
parties to provide the Cloud Service, the 
document describes which security 
requirements the Cloud Service Provider 
places on these third parties.  
The appropriate and effective verification 
of implementation is carried out in 
accordance with the criteria for controlling 
and monitoring subcontractors (cf. SSO-
01, SSO-02). 
PS-02 The cloud service is provided from 
two locations that are redundant to each 
other. The locations meet the security 
requirements of the Cloud Service 
Provider (cf. PS-01 Security Concept) and 
are located in an adequate distance to 
each other to achieve operational 
redundancy. Operational redundancy is 
designed in a way that ensures that the 
availability requirements specified in the 
service level agreement are met. The 
functionality of the redundancy is checked 
at least annually by suitable tests and 
exercises (cf. BCM-04 - Verification, 
updating and testing of business 
continuity). 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
The Physical Security (PS) controls are performed by Microsoft Azure which, 
as mentioned in the system description, and are carved out within the Azure 
DevOps SOC 2 report. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PS controls and criteria 
anticipated by C5. 
No exceptions noted. 
PS-03 The structural shell of premises 
and buildings related to the cloud service 
provided are physically solid and 
protected by adequate security measures 
that meet the security requirements of 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 112 ---
 
110 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
the Cloud Service Provider (cf. PS-01 
Security Concept). 
The security measures are designed to 
detect and prevent unauthorised access 
so that the information security of the 
cloud service is not compromised. 
The outer doors, windows and other 
construction elements reach a level 
appropriate to the security requirements 
and withstand a burglary attempt for at 
least 10 minutes.  
The surrounding wall constructions as well 
as the locking mechanisms meet the 
associated requirements. 
 
The Physical Security (PS) controls are performed by Microsoft Azure which, 
as mentioned in the system description, and are carved out within the Azure 
DevOps SOC 2 report. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PS controls and criteria 
anticipated by C5. 
PS-04 At access points to premises and 
buildings related to the cloud service 
provided, physical access controls are set 
up in accordance with the Cloud Service 
Provider's security requirements (cf. PS-
01 Security Concept) to prevent 
unauthorised access. 
Access controls are supported by an 
access control system. 
The requirements for the access control 
system are documented, communicated 
and provided in a policy or concept in 
accordance with SP-01 and include the 
following aspects: 
• Specified procedure for the granting and 
revoking of access authorisations (cf. 
IDM-02) based on the principle of least 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
The Physical Security (PS) controls are performed by Microsoft Azure which, 
as mentioned in the system description, and are carved out within the Azure 
DevOps SOC 2 report. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PS controls and criteria 
anticipated by C5. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 113 ---
 
111 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
authorisation ("least-privilege-principle") 
and as necessary for the performance of 
tasks ("need-to-know-principle"); 
• Automatic revocation of access 
authorisations if they have not been used 
for a period of 2 month 
• Automatic withdrawal of access 
authorisations if they have not been used 
for a period of 6 months; 
• Two-factor authentication for access to 
areas hosting system components that 
process cloud customer information; 
• Visitors and external personnel are 
tracked individually by the access control 
during their work in the premises and 
buildings, identified as such (e.g. by 
visible wearing of a visitor pass) and 
supervised during their stay; and 
• Existence and nature of access logging 
that enables the Cloud Service Provider, 
in the sense of an effectiveness audit, to 
check whether only defined personnel 
have entered the premises and buildings 
related to the cloud service provided. 
 
PS-05 Premises and buildings related to 
the cloud service provided are protected 
from fire and smoke by structural, 
technical and organisational measures 
that meet the security requirements of 
the Cloud Service Provider (cf. PS-01 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
The Physical Security (PS) controls are performed by Microsoft Azure which, 
as mentioned in the system description, and are carved out within the Azure 
DevOps SOC 2 report. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 114 ---
 
112 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Security Concept) and include the 
following aspects:  
a) Structural Measures: 
Establishment of fire sections with a fire 
resistance duration of at least 90 minutes 
for all structural parts 
b) Technical Measures: 
• Early fire detection with automatic 
voltage release. The monitored areas are 
sufficiently fragmented to ensure that the 
prevention of the spread of incipient fires 
is proportionate to the maintenance of the 
availability of the cloud service provided; 
• Extinguishing system or oxygen 
reduction; and 
• Fire alarm system with reporting to the 
local fire department. 
c) Organisational Measures: 
• Regular fire protection inspections to 
check compliance with fire protection 
requirements; and 
• Regular fire protection exercises. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PS controls and criteria 
anticipated by C5. 
PS-06 Measures to prevent the failure of 
the technical supply facilities required for 
the operation of system components with 
which information from cloud customers is 
processed, are documented and set up in 
accordance with the security requirements 
of the Cloud Service Provider (cf. PS-01 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
The Physical Security (PS) controls are performed by Microsoft Azure which, 
as mentioned in the system description, and are carved out within the Azure 
DevOps SOC 2 report. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 115 ---
 
113 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Security Concept) with respect to the 
following aspects: 
a) Operational redundancy (N+1) in 
power and cooling supply 
b) Use of appropriately sized 
uninterruptible power supplies (UPS) and 
emergency power systems (NEA), 
designed to ensure that all data remains 
undamaged in the event of a power 
failure. The functionality of UPS and NEA 
is checked at least annually by suitable 
tests and exercises (cf. BCM-04 - 
Verification, updating and testing of 
business continuity). 
c) Maintenance (servicing, inspection, 
repair) of the utilities in accordance with 
the manufacturer's recommendations.  
d) Protection of power supply and 
telecommunications lines against 
interruption, interference, damage and 
eavesdropping. The protection is checked 
regularly, but at least every two years, as 
well as in case of suspected manipulation 
by qualified personnel regarding the 
following aspects: 
• Traces of violent attempts to open 
closed distributors; 
• Up-to-datedness of the documentation 
in the distribution list; 
• Conformity of the actual wiring and 
patching with the documentation; 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PS controls and criteria 
anticipated by C5. 


--- Page 116 ---
 
114 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• The short-circuits and earthing of 
unneeded cables are intact; and 
• Impermissible installations and 
modifications. 
PS-07 The operating parameters of the 
technical utilities (cf. PS-06) and the 
environmental parameters of the 
premises and buildings related to the 
cloud service provided are monitored and 
controlled in accordance with the security 
requirements of the Cloud Service 
Provider (cf. PS-01 Security Concept). 
When the permitted control range is 
exceeded, the responsible departments of 
the Cloud-Provider are automatically 
informed in order to promptly initiate the 
necessary measures for return to the 
control range. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
The Physical Security (PS) controls are performed by Microsoft Azure which, 
as mentioned in the system description, and are carved out within the Azure 
DevOps SOC 2 report. 
Azure DevOps does not own, operate or manage PS controls and criteria 
anticipated by C5. 
 
No exceptions noted. 
 
 


--- Page 117 ---
 
115 
OPS: Operations 
Control Objective 5.6: Ensure proper and regular operation, including appropriate measures for planning and monitoring capacity, protection against 
malware, logging and monitoring events, and dealing with vulnerabilities, malfunctions and failures. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OPS-01 The planning of capacities and 
resources (personnel and IT resources) 
follows an established procedure in order 
to avoid possible capacity bottlenecks. 
The procedures include forecasting future 
capacity requirements in order to identify 
usage trends and manage system 
overload.  
Cloud Service Providers take appropriate 
measures to ensure that they continue to 
meet the requirements agreed with cloud 
customers for the provision of the cloud 
service in the event of capacity 
bottlenecks or outages regarding 
personnel and IT resources, in particular 
those relating to the dedicated use of 
system components, in accordance with 
the respective agreements. 
BC - 5. Management has established monitoring mechanisms to address 
capacity issues in a timely manner. 
SOC2 - 2. The service maintains an inventory of key information assets. 
Procedures are established to review usage of key information assets on at 
least an annual basis. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-02 Technical and organisational 
safeguards for the monitoring and 
provisioning and de-provisioning of cloud 
services are defined. Thus, the Cloud 
Service Provider ensures that resources 
are provided and/or services are rendered 
according to the contractual agreements 
and that compliance with the service level 
agreements is ensured. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact the 
service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the security 
commitments and security obligations of the service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely manner. 
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service requires 
authentication. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to further 
restrict authentication methods. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 118 ---
 
116 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
PI - 2. Azure DevOps management reviews portal performance periodically 
to evaluate compliance with customer SLA requirements. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-party and 
internal tools, and the status is communicated through a Service 
Dashboard. 
OPS-03 Depending on the capabilities of 
the respective service model, the cloud 
customer can control and monitor the 
allocation of the system resources 
assigned to the customer for 
administration/use in order to avoid 
overcrowding of resources and to achieve 
sufficient performance. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable as Azure DevOps is a SaaS offering and 
none of the in-scope features provide customers the ability to alter 
capacity. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-04 Policies and instructions with 
specifications for protection against 
malware are documented, communicated, 
and provided in accordance with SP-01 
with respect to the following aspects: 
• Use of system-specific protection 
mechanisms; 
• Operating protection programs on 
system components under the 
responsibility of the Cloud Service 
Provider that are used to provide the 
cloud service in the production 
environment; and 
• Operation of protection programs for 
employees' terminal equipment. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
IS - 1. Microsoft has documented and communicated a security policy that 
defines the information security rules and requirements for the Azure 
DevOps environment. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 119 ---
 
117 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OPS-05 System components under the 
Cloud Service Provider's responsibility 
that are used to deploy the cloud service 
in the production environment are 
configured with malware protection 
according to the policies and instructions. 
If protection programs are set up with 
signature and behaviour-based malware 
detection and removal, these protection 
programs are updated at least daily. 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to log and 
collect security events. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and supporting 
infrastructure to monitor the service for potential malicious activity and 
intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
OPS-06 Policies and instructions for data 
backup and recovery are documented, 
communicated and provided in 
accordance with SP-01 regarding the 
following aspects. 
• The extent and frequency of data 
backups and the duration of data 
retention are consistent with the 
contractual agreements with the cloud 
customers and the Cloud Service 
Provider's operational continuity 
requirements for Recovery Time Objective 
(RTO) and Recovery Point Objective 
(RPO); 
• Data is backed up in encrypted, state-
of-the-art form;  
• Access to the backed-up data and the 
execution of restores is performed only by 
authorised persons; and 
• Tests of recovery procedures (cf. OPS-
08). 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly and 
stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
DS - 6. Critical Azure DevOps components are designed with redundancy to 
sustain isolated faults and minimize disruptions to customer services. 
DS - 7. Customer data is automatically replicated to minimize isolated 
faults. Customers are able to determine geographical regions of the data 
processing and storage, including data backups. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data is 
removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal timelines. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 120 ---
 
118 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OPS-07 The execution of data backups is 
monitored by technical and organisational 
measures. Malfunctions are investigated 
by qualified staff and rectified promptly to 
ensure compliance with contractual 
obligations to cloud customers or the 
Cloud Service Provider's business 
requirements regarding the scope and 
frequency of data backup and the 
duration of storage. 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly and 
stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-08 Restore procedures are tested 
regularly, at least annually. The tests 
allow an assessment to be made as to 
whether the contractual agreements as 
well as the specifications for the 
maximum tolerable downtime (Recovery 
Time Objective, RTO) and the maximum 
permissible data loss (Recovery Point 
Objective, RPO) are adhered to (cf. BCM-
02). 
Deviations from the specifications are 
reported to the responsible personnel or 
system components so that these can 
promptly assess the deviations and 
initiate the necessary actions. 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly and 
stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and published for 
critical services, which provide roles and responsibilities and detailed 
procedures for recovery and reconstitution of systems to a known state per 
defined Recovery Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives 
(RPO). Plans are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
BC - 4. The BCP team conducts testing of the business continuity and 
disaster recovery plans at least annually. Issues identified during testing are 
resolved during the exercises and plans are updated accordingly. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-09 The Cloud Service Provider 
transfers data to be backed up to a 
remote location or transports these on 
backup media to a remote location. If the 
data backup is transmitted to the remote 
location via a network, the data backup or 
the transmission of the data takes place 
DS - 2. Customer data communicated through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission over external networks. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where customer 
data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or equivalent 
mechanism(s). 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 121 ---
 
119 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
in an encrypted form that corresponds to 
the state-of-the-art. The distance to the 
main site is chosen after sufficient 
consideration of the factors recovery 
times and impact of disasters on both 
sites. The physical and environmental 
security measures at the remote site are 
at the same level as at the main site. 
 
DS - 5. Backups of key service components are performed regularly and 
stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
DS - 6. Critical Azure DevOps components are designed with redundancy to 
sustain isolated faults and minimize disruptions to customer services. 
DS - 7. Customer data is automatically replicated to minimize isolated 
faults. Customers are able to determine geographical regions of the data 
processing and storage, including data backups. 
OPS-10 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established policies and instructions that 
govern the logging and monitoring of 
events on system components within its 
area of responsibility. These policies and 
instructions are documented, 
communicated and provided according to 
SP-01 with respect to the following 
aspects: 
• Definition of events that could lead to a 
violation of the protection goals; 
• Specifications for activating, stopping 
and pausing the various logs; 
• Information regarding the purpose and 
retention period of the logs. 
• Define roles and responsibilities for 
setting up and monitoring logging; 
• Time synchronisation of system 
components; and 
• Compliance with legal and regulatory 
frameworks. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
C5 - 2. Availability of logging and monitoring software is monitored by 
internal tools on a continuous basis, and responsible personnel is notified in 
case of any failure. 
C5 - 3. Microsoft Azure DevOps components are configured to use 
Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time and the clocks are synchronized 
with the domain controller server. 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to log and 
collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and respond to the 
malicious events detected by the monitoring system for timely resolution. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-party and 
internal tools, and the status is communicated through a Service 
Dashboard. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 122 ---
 
120 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OPS-11 Policies and instructions for the 
secure handling of metadata (usage data) 
are documented, communicated and 
provided according to SP-01 with regard 
to the following aspects: 
• Metadata is collected and used solely for 
billing, incident management and security 
incident management purposes; 
• Exclusively anonymous metadata to 
deploy and enhance the cloud service so 
that no conclusions can be drawn about 
the cloud customer or user; 
• No commercial use;  
• Storage for a fixed period reasonably 
related to the purposes of the collection; 
• Immediate deletion if the purposes of 
the collection are fulfilled and further 
storage is no longer necessary. 
• Provision to cloud customers according 
to contractual agreements. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
C5 - 4. Customer metadata is collected, retained, and removed based on 
the documented procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-12 The requirements for the logging 
and monitoring of events and for the 
secure handling of metadata are 
implemented by technically supported 
procedures with regard to the following 
restrictions: 
• Access only for authorised users and 
systems; 
• Retention for the specified period; and 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to log and 
collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and respond to the 
malicious events detected by the monitoring system for timely resolution. 
VM - 7. The availability of the service is monitored through third-party and 
internal tools, and the status is communicated through a Service 
Dashboard. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 123 ---
 
121 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Deletion when further retention is no 
longer necessary for the purpose of 
collection. 
C5 - 2. Availability of logging and monitoring software is monitored by 
internal tools on a continuous basis, and responsible personnel is notified in 
case of any failure. 
C5 - 4. Customer metadata is collected, retained, and removed based on 
the documented procedures. 
OPS-13 The logging data is automatically 
monitored for events that may violate the 
protection goals in accordance with the 
logging and monitoring requirements. This 
also includes the detection of relationships 
between events (event correlation).  
Identified events are automatically 
reported to the appropriate departments 
for prompt evaluation and action. 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to log and 
collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and supporting 
infrastructure to monitor the service for potential malicious activity and 
intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and respond to the 
malicious events detected by the monitoring system for timely resolution. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of incidents per 
documented procedures. 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high severity 
incidents impacting the service environment. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-14 The Cloud Service Provider 
retains the generated log data and keeps 
these in an appropriate, unchangeable 
and aggregated form, regardless of the 
source of such data, so that a central, 
authorised evaluation of the data is 
possible. Log data is deleted if it is no 
longer required for the purpose for which 
they were collected.  
Between logging servers and the assets to 
be logged, authentication takes place to 
C5 - 5. Logging servers are required to authenticate over encrypted 
channel to access logs generated within the production environment. Access 
to logging and monitoring infrastructure is restricted to authorized 
personnel. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where customer 
data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or equivalent 
mechanism(s). 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to log and 
collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 124 ---
 
122 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
protect the integrity and authenticity of 
the information transmitted and stored. 
The transfer takes place using state-of-
the-art encryption or a dedicated 
administration network (out-of-band 
management). 
OPS-15 The log data generated allows an 
unambiguous identification of user 
accesses at tenant level to support 
(forensic) analysis in the event of a 
security incident.  
Interfaces are available to conduct 
forensic analyses and perform backups of 
infrastructure components and their 
network communication. 
C5 - 6. Microsoft Azure DevOps has established forensic procedures to 
support potential legal action after an information security incident. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
OPS-16 Access to system components for 
logging and monitoring in the Cloud 
Service Provider’s area of responsibility is 
restricted to authorised users. Changes to 
the configuration are made in accordance 
with the applicable policies (cf. DEV-03). 
C5 - 5. Logging servers are required to authenticate over encrypted 
channel to access logs generated within the production environment. Access 
to logging and monitoring infrastructure is restricted to authorized 
personnel. 
CM - 3. Key stakeholders approve prior to deploying release into production 
based on documented change management procedures. 
CM - 4. Software releases and configuration changes are tested based on 
established criteria prior to production implementation. 
CM - 5. Implemented changes are reviewed for adherence to established 
procedures prior to closure. Changes are rolled back to their previous state 
in case of errors or security concerns. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
OPS-17 The Cloud Service Provider 
monitors the system components for 
logging and monitoring in its area of 
C5 - 2. Availability of logging and monitoring software is monitored by 
internal tools on a continuous basis, and responsible personnel is notified in 
case of any failure. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 125 ---
 
123 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
responsibility. Failures are automatically 
and promptly reported to the Cloud 
Service Provider’s responsible 
departments so that these can assess the 
failures and take required action. 
OPS-18 Guidelines and instructions with 
technical and organisational measures are 
documented, communicated and provided 
in accordance with SP-01 to ensure the 
timely identification and addressing of 
vulnerabilities in the system components 
used to provide the cloud service. These 
guidelines and instructions contain 
specifications regarding the following 
aspects: 
• Regular identification of vulnerabilities; 
• Assessment of the severity of identified 
vulnerabilities; 
• Prioritisation and implementation of 
actions to promptly remediate or mitigate 
identified vulnerabilities based on severity 
and according to defined timelines; and 
• Handling of system components for 
which no measures are initiated for the 
timely remediation or mitigation of 
vulnerabilities. 
 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement Microsoft 
released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and supporting 
infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
OPS-19 The Cloud Service Provider has 
penetration tests carried out by qualified 
internal personnel or external service 
providers at least once a year. The 
penetration tests are carried out 
VM - 8. Penetration testing is performed on critical infrastructure 
components at least annually. Findings are documented, tracked and 
remediated. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 126 ---
 
124 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
according to a documented test 
methodology and include the system 
components relevant to the provision of 
the cloud service in the area of 
responsibility of the Cloud Service 
Provider, which have been identified as 
such in a risk analysis. 
The Cloud Service Provider assess the 
severity of the findings made in 
penetration tests according to defined 
criteria. 
For findings with medium or high 
criticality regarding the confidentiality, 
integrity or availability of the cloud 
service, actions must be taken within 
defined time windows for prompt 
remediation or mitigation. 
OPS-20 The Cloud Service Provider 
regularly measures, analyses and 
assesses the procedures with which 
vulnerabilities and incidents are handled 
to verify their continued suitability, 
appropriateness and effectiveness. 
Results are evaluated at least quarterly by 
accountable departments at the Cloud 
Service Provider to initiate continuous 
improvement actions and to verify their 
effectiveness. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for the 
detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and supporting 
infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment 
that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are 
formally assessed. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 127 ---
 
125 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
OPS-21 The Cloud Service Provider 
periodically informs the cloud customer on 
the status of incidents affecting the cloud 
customer, or, where appropriate and 
necessary, involve the customer in the 
resolution, in a manner consistent with 
the contractual agreements. 
As soon as an incident has been resolved 
from the Cloud Service Provider's 
perspective, the cloud customer is 
informed according to the contractual 
agreements, about the actions taken. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for the 
detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
SOC2 - 3. The service maintains a customer support website that describes 
the process for customers and other external users to inform about 
potential security issues and submitting complaints. Reported issues are 
reviewed and addressed per documented incident management procedures. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact the 
service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the security 
commitments and security obligations of the service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely manner. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-22 System components in the area 
of responsibility of the Cloud Service 
Provider for the provision of the cloud 
service are automatically checked for 
known vulnerabilities at least once a 
month in accordance with the policies for 
handling vulnerabilities (cf. OPS-18), the 
severity is assessed in accordance with 
defined criteria and measures for timely 
remediation or mitigation are initiated 
within defined time windows. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement Microsoft 
released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and supporting 
infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
No exceptions noted. 
OPS-23 System components in the 
production environment used to provide 
the cloud service under the Cloud Service 
Provider's responsibility are hardened 
according to generally accepted industry 
standards. The hardening requirements 
for each system component are 
documented. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps on a 
periodic basis. 
 No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 128 ---
 
126 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
If non-modifiable ("immutable") images 
are used, compliance with the hardening 
specifications as defined in the hardening 
requirements is checked upon creation of 
the images. Configuration and log files 
regarding the continuous availability of 
the images are retained. 
OPS-24 Cloud customer data stored and 
processed on shared virtual and physical 
resources is securely and strictly 
separated according to a documented 
approach based on OIS-07 risk analysis to 
ensure the confidentiality and integrity of 
this data. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment 
that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are 
formally assessed. 
LA - 3. Logical segregation is implemented to restrict unauthorized access 
to other customer tenants. 
 No exceptions noted. 
 
IDM: Identity and Access Management 
Control Objective 5.7: Secure the authorisation and authentication of users of the Cloud Service Provider (typically privileged users) to prevent 
unauthorised access. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
IDM-01 A role and rights concept based 
on the business and security requirements 
of the Cloud Service Provider as well as a 
policy for managing user accounts and 
access rights for internal and external 
employees of the Cloud Service Provider 
and system components that have a role 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 129 ---
 
127 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
in automated authorisation processes of 
the Cloud Service Provider are 
documented, communicated and made 
available according to SP-01: 
• Assignment of unique usernames;  
• Granting and modifying user accounts 
and access rights based on the “least-
privilege- principle” and the “need-to-
know” principle; 
• Segregation of duties between 
operational and monitoring functions 
(“Segregation of Duties”);  
• Segregation of duties between 
managing, approving and assigning user 
accounts and access rights;  
• Approval by authorised individual(s) or 
system(s) for granting or modifying user 
accounts and access rights before data of 
the cloud customer or system components 
used to provision the cloud service can be 
accessed;  
• Regular review of assigned user 
accounts and access rights;  
• Blocking and removing access accounts 
in the event of inactivity;  
• Time-based or event-driven removal or 
adjustment of access rights in the event 
of changes to job responsibility;  
• Two-factor or multi-factor authentication 
for users with privileged access; 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
OA - 4. Password complexity standards are defined and enforced for Azure 
DevOps personnel credentials. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if access 
rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is modified based 
on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate approval. 
OA - 9. Production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a Secure Admin 
Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted access. 
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service requires 
authentication. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to further 
restrict authentication methods. 


--- Page 130 ---
 
128 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Requirements for the approval and 
documentation of the management of 
user accounts and access rights. 
 
IDM-02 Specified procedures for granting 
and modifying user accounts and access 
rights for internal and external employees 
of the Cloud Service Provider as well as 
for system components involved in 
automated authorisation processes of the 
Cloud Service Provider ensure compliance 
with the role and rights concept as well as 
the policy for managing user accounts and 
access rights. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely basis, upon 
the user's termination. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if access 
rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is modified based 
on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate approval. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to access 
production environment. 
OA - 9. Production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a Secure Admin 
Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted access. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate 
groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks 
associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 131 ---
 
129 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
 
IDM-03 User accounts of internal and 
external employees of the Cloud Service 
Provider as well as for system 
components involved in automated 
authorisation processes of the Cloud 
Service Provider are automatically locked 
if they have not been used for a period of 
two months. Approval from authorised 
personnel or system components are 
required to unlock these accounts. 
Locked user accounts are automatically 
revoked after six months. After 
revocation, the procedure for granting 
user accounts and access rights (cf. IDM-
02) must be repeated.  
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely basis, upon 
the user's termination. 
OA - 4. Password complexity standards are defined and enforced for Azure 
DevOps personnel credentials. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if access 
rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is modified based 
on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate approval. 
OA - 9. Production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a Secure Admin 
Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted access. 
 
No exceptions noted. 
IDM-04 Access rights are promptly 
revoked if the job responsibilities of the 
Cloud Service Provider's internal or 
external staff or the tasks of system 
components involved in the Cloud Service 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 132 ---
 
130 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Provider's automated authorisation 
processes change. Privileged access rights 
are adjusted or revoked within 48 hours 
after the change taking effect. All other 
access rights are adjusted or revoked 
within 14 days. After revocation, the 
procedure for granting user accounts and 
access rights (cf. IDM-02) must be 
repeated. 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
OA - 3. Procedures are in place to disable accounts on a timely basis, upon 
the user's termination. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if access 
rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is modified based 
on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate approval. 
OA - 9. Production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a Secure Admin 
Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted access. 
IDM-05 Access rights of internal and 
external employees of the Cloud Service 
Provider as well as of system components 
that play a role in automated 
authorisation processes of the Cloud 
Service Provider are reviewed at least 
once a year to ensure that they still 
correspond to the actual area of use. The 
review is carried out by authorised 
persons from the Cloud Service Provider's 
organisational units, who can assess the 
appropriateness of the assigned access 
rights based on their knowledge of the 
task areas of the employees or system 
components. Identified deviations will be 
dealt with promptly, but no later than 7 
days after their detection, by appropriate 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
OA - 5. Access privileges are reviewed quarterly to determine if access 
rights are commensurate to the user's job duties. Access is modified based 
on the results of the reviews. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate approval.  
D&T Note: 
The access revocation based on user access reviews may or may not be 
completed within 7 days of identification given the time allotted to reviewers 
to finalize their review of accounts within Azure DevOps. Based on the 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 133 ---
 
131 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
modification or withdrawal of the access 
rights. 
access reviews, access modifications or withdrawals, if any, are performed 
as needed. Azure DevOps user access reviews are performed on a quarterly 
basis rather than on an annual basis as noted in the criteria and critical 
production access is temporary. Thus, we can conclude that the design of 
the controls is appropriate to meet the C5 criteria IDM-05. 
IDM-06 Privileged access rights for 
internal and external employees as well 
as technical users of the Cloud Service 
Provider are assigned and changed in 
accordance to the policy for managing 
user accounts and access rights (cf. IDM-
01) or a separate specific policy. 
Privileged access rights are personalised, 
limited in time according to a risk 
assessment and assigned as necessary for 
the execution of tasks ("need-to-know 
principle"). Technical users are assigned 
to internal or external employees of the 
Cloud Service Provider. 
Activities of users with privileged access 
rights are logged in order to detect any 
misuse of privileged access in suspicious 
cases. The logged information is 
automatically monitored for defined 
events that may indicate misuse. When 
such an event is identified, the 
responsible personnel are automatically 
informed so that they can promptly 
assess whether misuse has occurred and 
take corresponding action. In the event of 
proven misuse of privileged access rights, 
disciplinary measures are taken in 
accordance with HR-04. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
OA - 7. Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is 
used for administrator access to the production environment. 
OA - 8. Alerts are generated when a break-glass account is used to access 
production environment. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
VM - 4. Procedures have been established to investigate and respond to the 
malicious events detected by the monitoring system for timely resolution. 
SOC2 - 8. Microsoft has defined disciplinary actions for employees and 
contingent staff that commit a security breach or violate the security policy. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 134 ---
 
132 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
IDM-07 The cloud customer is informed 
by the Cloud Service Provider whenever 
internal or external employees of the 
Cloud Service Provider read or write to 
the cloud customer's data processed, 
stored or transmitted in the cloud service 
or have accessed it without the prior 
consent of the cloud customer. The 
Information is provided whenever data of 
the cloud customer is/was not encrypted, 
the encryption is/was disabled for access 
or the contractual agreements do not 
explicitly exclude such information. The 
information contains the cause, time, 
duration, type and scope of the access. 
The information is sufficiently detailed to 
enable subject matter experts of the cloud 
customer to assess the risks of the 
access. The information is provided in 
accordance with the contractual 
agreements, or within 72 hours after the 
access. 
 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate approval. 
SOC2 - 7. Prior to engaging in service, customers are required to review 
and agree with the acceptable use of data and the Service, as well as 
security and privacy requirements, which are defined in the Microsoft Online 
Services Use Rights, Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement, Privacy 
Statement and Technical Overview of the Security Features.  
D&T Note:  
Azure DevOps personnel can obtain temporary access to customer data for 
support purposes only after obtaining appropriate approval from the 
customer. Access to customer data without prior customer approval is 
prohibited. Thus, we can conclude that the design of the controls is 
appropriate to meet the C5 criteria IDM-07. 
No exceptions noted. 
IDM-08 The allocation of authentication 
information to access system components 
used to provide the cloud service to 
internal and external users of the cloud 
provider and system components that are 
involved in automated authorisation 
processes of the cloud provider is done in 
an orderly manner that ensures the 
confidentiality of the information. If 
passwords are used as authentication 
information, their confidentiality is 
LA - 2. Customer credentials used to access the service meet the applicable 
password policy requirements. 
LA - 4. Customer data that is confidential is protected while in storage 
within the service. 
DS - 1. Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for 
communication between the features and other internal components are 
stored securely and are rotated on a periodic basis. 
DS - 4. Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the 
platform based on the Cryptographic Policy and Key Management 
procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 135 ---
 
133 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
ensured by the following procedures, as 
far as technically possible:  
• Users can initially create the password 
themselves or must change an initial 
password when logging on to the system 
component for the first time. An initial 
password loses its validity after a 
maximum of 14 days. 
• When creating passwords, compliance 
with the password specifications (cf. IDM-
09) is enforced as far as technically 
possible. 
• The user is informed about changing or 
resetting the password. 
• The server-side storage takes place 
using cryptographically strong hash 
functions. 
Deviations are evaluated by means of a 
risk analysis and mitigating measures 
derived from this are implemented. 
 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 4. Password complexity standards are defined and enforced for Azure 
DevOps personnel credentials. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a Secure Admin 
Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted access. 
IDM-09 System components in the Cloud 
Service Provider's area of responsibility 
that are used to provide the cloud service, 
authenticate users of the Cloud Service 
Provider's internal and external 
employees as well as system components 
that are involved in the Cloud Service 
Provider's automated authorisation 
processes. Access to the production 
environment requires two-factor or multi-
factor authentication. Within the 
production environment, user 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 4. Password complexity standards are defined and enforced for Azure 
DevOps personnel credentials. 
OA - 7. Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is 
used for administrator access to the production environment. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a Secure Admin 
Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted access. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 136 ---
 
134 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
authentication takes place through 
passwords, digitally signed certificates or 
procedures that achieve at least an 
equivalent level of security. If digitally 
signed certificates are used, 
administration is carried out in accordance 
with the Guideline for Key Management 
(cf. CRY-01). The password requirements 
are derived from a risk assessment and 
documented, communicated and provided 
in a password policy according to SP-01. 
Compliance with the requirements is 
enforced by the configuration of the 
system components, as far as technically 
possible. 
LA - 2. Customer credentials used to access the service meet the applicable 
password policy requirements. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
 
CRY: Cryptography and Key Management 
Control Objective 5.8: Ensure appropriate and effective use of cryptography to protect the confidentiality, authenticity or integrity of information. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
CRY-01 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards 
for encryption procedures and key 
management are documented, 
communicated and provided according to 
SP-01, in which the following aspects are 
described: 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 137 ---
 
135 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Usage of strong encryption procedures 
and secure network protocols that 
correspond to the state-of-the-art; 
• Risk-based provisions for the use of 
encryption which information classification 
schemes (cf. AM-06) and consider the 
communication channel, type, strength 
and quality of the encryption; 
• Requirements for the secure generation, 
storage, archiving, retrieval, distribution, 
withdrawal and deletion of the keys; and  
• Consideration of relevant legal and 
regulatory obligations and requirements. 
 
CRY-02 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established procedures and technical 
measures for strong encryption and 
authentication for the transmission of 
data of cloud customers over public 
networks. 
DS - 2. Customer data communicated through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission over external networks. 
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service requires 
authentication. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to further 
restrict authentication methods. 
No exceptions noted. 
CRY-03 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established procedures and technical 
safeguards to encrypt cloud customers' 
data during storage. The private keys 
used for encryption are known only to the 
cloud customer in accordance with 
applicable legal and regulatory obligations 
and requirements. Exceptions follow a 
specified procedure. The procedures for 
the use of private keys, including any 
DS - 1. Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for 
communication between the features and other internal components are 
stored securely and are rotated on a periodic basis. 
DS - 2. Customer data communicated through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission over external networks. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where customer 
data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or equivalent 
mechanism(s). 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 138 ---
 
136 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
exceptions, must be contractually agreed 
with the cloud customer.  
DS - 4. Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within 
the platform based on the Cryptographic Policy and Key Management 
procedures. 
LA - 4. Customer data that is confidential is protected while in storage 
within the service. 
CRY-04 Procedures and technical 
safeguards for secure key management in 
the area of responsibility of the Cloud 
Service Provider include at least the 
following aspects:  
• Generation of keys for different 
cryptographic systems and applications; 
• Issuing and obtaining public-key 
certificates; 
• Provisioning and activation of the keys; 
• Secure storage of keys (separation of 
key management system from application 
and middleware level) including 
description of how authorised users get 
access; 
• Changing or updating cryptographic 
keys including policies defining under 
which conditions and in which manner the 
changes and/or updates are to be 
realised; 
• Handling of compromised keys;  
• Withdrawal and deletion of keys; and  
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
DS - 1. Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for 
communication between the features and other internal components are 
stored securely and are rotated on a periodic basis. 
DS - 2. Customer data communicated through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission over external networks. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where customer 
data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or equivalent 
mechanism(s). 
DS - 4. Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within 
the platform based on the Cryptographic Policy and Key Management 
procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 139 ---
 
137 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• If pre-shared keys are used, the specific 
provisions relating to the safe use of this 
procedure are specified separately. 
 
COS: Communication Security 
Control Objective 5.9: Ensure the protection of information in networks and the corresponding information processing systems 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
COS-01 Based on the results of a risk 
analysis carried out according to OIS-06, 
the Cloud Service Provider has 
implemented technical safeguards which 
are suitable to promptly detect and 
respond to network-based attacks on the 
basis of irregular incoming or outgoing 
traffic patterns and/or Distributed Denial- 
of-Service (DDoS) attacks. Data from 
corresponding technical protection 
measures implemented is fed into a 
comprehensive SIEM (Security 
Information and Event Management) 
system, so that (counter) measures 
regarding correlating events can be 
initiated. The safeguards are documented, 
communicated and provided in 
accordance with SP-01. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 140 ---
 
138 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
COS-02 Specific security requirements 
are designed, published and provided for 
establishing connections within the Cloud 
Service Provider's network. The security 
requirements define for the Cloud Service 
Provider's area of responsibility:  
• in which cases the security zones are to 
be separated and in which cases cloud 
customers are to be logically or physically 
segregated; 
• which communication relationships and 
which network and application protocols 
are permitted in each case; 
• how the data traffic for administration 
and monitoring is segregated from each 
on network level; 
• which internal, cross-location 
communication is permitted and; 
• which cross-network communication is 
allowed 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 
COS-03 A distinction is made between 
trusted and untrusted networks. Based on 
a risk assessment, these are separated 
into different security zones for internal 
and external network areas (and DMZ, if 
applicable). Physical and virtualised 
network environments are designed and 
configured to restrict and monitor the 
established connection to trusted or 
untrusted networks according to the 
defined security requirements. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 141 ---
 
139 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
The entirety of the conception and 
configuration undertaken to monitor the 
connections mentioned is assessed in a 
risk-oriented manner, at least annually, 
with regard to the resulting security 
requirements. 
Identified vulnerabilities and deviations 
are subject to risk assessment in 
accordance with the risk management 
procedure (cf. OIS-06) and follow-up 
measures are defined and tracked (cf. 
OPS-18). 
At specified intervals, the business 
justification for using all services, 
protocols, and ports is reviewed. The 
review also includes the justifications for 
compensatory measures for the use of 
protocols that are considered insecure. 
COS-04 Each network perimeter is 
controlled by security gateways. The 
system access authorisation for cross-
network access is based on a security 
assessment based on the requirements of 
the cloud customers. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 
COS-05 There are separate networks for 
the administrative management of the 
infrastructure and for the operation of 
management consoles. These networks 
are logically or physically separated from 
the cloud customer's network and 
protected from unauthorised access by 
multi-factor authentication (cf. IDM-09). 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 142 ---
 
140 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Networks used by the Cloud Service 
Provider to migrate or create virtual 
machines are also physically or logically 
separated from other networks 
COS-06 Data traffic of cloud customers in 
jointly used network environments is 
segregated on network level according to 
a documented concept to ensure the 
confidentiality and integrity of the data 
transmitted. 
 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 
COS-07 The documentation of the logical 
structure of the network used to provision 
or operate the Cloud Service, is traceable 
and up-to-date, in order to avoid 
administrative errors during live operation 
and to ensure timely recovery in the 
event of malfunctions in accordance with 
contractual obligations. The 
documentation shows how the subnets 
are allocated and how the network is 
zoned and segmented. In addition, the 
geographical locations in which the cloud 
customers' data is stored are indicated. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 
COS-08 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards in 
order to protect the transmission of data 
against unauthorised interception, 
manipulation, copying, modification, 
redirection or destruction are 
documented, communicated and provided 
according to SP-01. The policy and 
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Azure DevOps due to the following 
reasons: 
Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over protection of the network 
environment and infrastructure, including perimeter firewalls and restricting 
access to network devices. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 143 ---
 
141 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
instructions establish a reference to the 
classification of information (cf. AM-06). 
 
 
PI: Portability and Interoperability 
Control Objective 5.10: Enable the ability to access the cloud service via other cloud services or IT systems of the cloud customers, to obtain the 
stored data at the end of the contractual relationship and to securely delete it from the Cloud Service Provider. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
PI-01 The cloud service can be accessed 
by other cloud services or IT systems of 
cloud customers through documented 
inbound and outbound interfaces. Further, 
the interfaces are clearly documented for 
subject matter experts on how they can 
be used to retrieve the data. 
Communication takes place through 
standardised communication protocols 
that ensure the confidentiality and 
integrity of the transmitted information 
according to its protection requirements. 
Communication over untrusted networks 
is encrypted according to CRY-02. 
The type and scope of the documentation 
on the interfaces is geared to the needs of 
the cloud customers' subject matter 
experts in order to enable the use of 
these interfaces. The information is 
maintained in such a way that it is 
C5 - 7. Azure DevOps has published a standard set of APIs with an 
ecosystem of tools and libraries on the Azure DevOps Portal. 
DS - 2. Customer data communicated through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission over external networks. 
DS - 3. Internal communication between key components where customer 
data is transmitted / involved is secured using SSL or equivalent 
mechanism(s). 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 144 ---
 
142 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
applicable for the cloud service's version 
which is intended for productive use. 
PI-02 In contractual agreements, the 
following aspects are defined with regard 
to the termination of the contractual 
relationship, insofar as these are 
applicable to the cloud service: 
• Type, scope and format of the data the 
Cloud Service Provider provides to the 
cloud customer; 
• Definition of the timeframe, within 
which the Cloud Service Provider makes 
the data available to the cloud customer;  
• Definition of the point in time as of 
which the Cloud Service Provider makes 
the data inaccessible to the cloud 
customer and deletes these; and 
• The cloud customers' responsibilities 
and obligations to cooperate for the 
provision of the data. 
The definitions are based on the needs of 
subject matter experts of potential 
customers who assess the suitability of 
the cloud service with regard to a 
dependency on the Cloud Service Provider 
as well as legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data is 
removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal timelines. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
C5 - 13. Customer data is accessible within agreed upon services in data 
formats compatible with providing those services. 
No exceptions noted. 
PI-03 The Cloud Service Provider's 
procedures for deleting the cloud 
customers' data upon termination of the 
DS - 8. Upon termination of a customer account, the customer data is 
removed based upon the stipulated retention and removal timelines. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 145 ---
 
143 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
contractual relationship ensure 
compliance with the contractual 
agreements (cf. PI-02). 
The deletion includes data in the cloud 
customer's environment, metadata and 
data stored in the data backups. 
The deletion procedures prevent recovery 
by forensic means. 
C5 - 4. Customer metadata is collected, retained, and removed based on 
the documented procedures. 
 
DEV: Procurement, Development and Modification of Information Systems 
Control Objective 5.11: Ensure information security in the development cycle of information systems. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
DEV-01 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational measures for 
the secure development of the cloud 
service are documented, communicated 
and provided in accordance with SP-01. 
The policies and instructions contain 
guidelines for the entire life cycle of the 
cloud service and are based on recognised 
standards and methods with regard to the 
following aspects: 
• Security in Software Development 
(Requirements, Design, Implementation, 
Testing and Verification);  
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the features 
are documented and communicated. 
DS - 4. Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within 
the platform based on the Cryptographic Policy and Key Management 
procedures. 
SDL - 1. Development of new features and changes to existing features 
follow a defined approach based on the Microsoft Secure Development 
Lifecycle (SDL) methodology. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 146 ---
 
144 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Security in software deployment 
(including continuous delivery); and 
• Security in operation (reaction to 
identified faults and vulnerabilities). 
SDL - 2. Applicable operational security and internal control requirements 
are documented and approved for Azure DevOps. 
SDL - 4. Separate environments, outside of production, are established for 
the purpose of developing and testing changes. Production data is not 
replicated in test or development environments. 
SDL - 6. A security review of releases is performed on a periodic basis by 
designated security personnel within Azure DevOps. 
SDL - 7. Source code builds are scanned for malware prior to release to 
production. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps on a 
periodic basis. 
DEV-02 In the case of outsourced 
development of the cloud service (or 
individual system components), 
specifications regarding the following 
aspects are contractually agreed between 
the Cloud Service Provider and the 
outsourced development contractor: 
• Security in software development 
(requirements, design, implementation, 
tests and verifications) in accordance with 
recognised standards and methods; 
• Acceptance testing of the quality of the 
services provided in accordance with the 
agreed functional and non-functional 
requirements; and 
• Providing evidence that sufficient 
verifications have been carried out to rule 
out the existence of known vulnerabilities. 
Not Applicable as Microsoft Azure DevOps does not outsource development 
and testing of its services. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 147 ---
 
145 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
DEV-03 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards 
for change management of system 
components of the cloud service within 
the scope of software deployment are 
documented, communicated and provided 
according to SP-01 with regard to the 
following aspects: 
• Criteria for risk assessment, 
categorisation and prioritisation of 
changes and related requirements for the 
type and scope of testing to be 
performed, and necessary approvals for 
the development/implementation of the 
change and releases for deployment in 
the production environment by authorised 
personnel or system components; 
• Requirements for the performance and 
documentation of tests; 
• Requirements for segregation of duties 
during development, testing and release 
of changes; 
• Requirements for the proper information 
of cloud customers about the type and 
scope of the change as well as the 
resulting obligations to cooperate in 
accordance with the contractual 
agreements; 
• Requirements for the documentation of 
changes in system, operational and user 
documentation; and 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the features 
are documented and communicated. 
CM - 2. Secondary approval is required prior to all pull request check-ins to 
the production build, enforcing segregation among designated personal 
when implementing changes. 
 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 148 ---
 
146 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Requirements for the implementation 
and documentation of emergency changes 
that must comply with the same level of 
security as normal changes. 
 
DEV-04 The Cloud Service Provider 
provides a training program for regular, 
target group-oriented security training 
and awareness for internal and external 
employees on standards and methods of 
secure software development and 
provision as well as on how to use the 
tools used for this purpose. The program 
is regularly reviewed and updated with 
regard to the applicable policies and 
instructions, the assigned roles and 
responsibilities and the tools used. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security updates to 
Azure DevOps personnel. 
SDL - 1. Development of new features and changes to existing features 
follow a defined approach based on the Microsoft Secure Development 
Lifecycle (SDL) methodology. 
ELC - 6. Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels 
of skills and experience, depending on the role and holds them accountable 
to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a Statement of Work. 
Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
DEV-05 In accordance with the applicable 
policies (cf. DEV-03), changes are 
subjected to a risk assessment with 
regard to potential effects on the system 
components concerned and are 
categorised and prioritised accordingly. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the features 
are documented and communicated. 
CM - 3. Key stakeholders approve prior to deploying release into production 
based on documented change management procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
DEV-06 Changes to the cloud service are 
subject to appropriate testing during 
software development and deployment. 
The type and scope of the tests 
correspond to the risk assessment. The 
tests are carried out by appropriately 
qualified personnel of the Cloud Service 
Provider or by automated test procedures 
that comply with the state-of-the-art. 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the features 
are documented and communicated. 
CM - 3. Key stakeholders approve prior to deploying release into production 
based on documented change management procedures. 
CM - 4. Software releases and configuration changes are tested based on 
established criteria prior to production implementation. 
No exceptions noted. 
 


--- Page 149 ---
 
147 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Cloud customers are involved into the 
tests in accordance with the contractual 
requirements. 
The severity of the errors and 
vulnerabilities identified in the tests, 
which are relevant for the deployment 
decision, is determined according to 
defined criteria and actions for timely 
remediation or mitigation are initiated. 
CM - 5. Implemented changes are reviewed for adherence to established 
procedures prior to closure. Changes are rolled back to their previous state 
in case of errors or security concerns. 
DEV-07 System components and tools for 
source code management and software 
deployment that are used to make 
changes to system components of the 
cloud service in the production 
environment are subject to a role and 
rights concept according to IDM-01 and 
authorisation mechanisms. They must be 
configured in such a way that all changes 
are logged and can therefore be traced 
back to the individuals or system 
components executing them. 
SDL - 5. Azure DevOps Services use code repositories for managing source 
code changes. Procedures are established to approve code changes made to 
source code repository. Code changes submitted to the repository are 
logged and can be traced to the individuals or system components 
executing them. 
CM - 2. Secondary approval is required prior to all pull request check-ins to 
the production build, enforcing segregation among designated personal 
when implementing changes. 
CM - 3. Key stakeholders approve prior to deploying release into production 
based on documented change management procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
DEV-08 Version control procedures are 
set up to track dependencies of individual 
changes and to restore affected system 
components back to their previous state 
as a result of errors or identified 
vulnerabilities. 
CM - 5. Implemented changes are reviewed for adherence to established 
procedures prior to closure. Changes are rolled back to their previous state 
in case of errors or security concerns. 
No exceptions noted. 
DEV-09 Authorised personnel or system 
components of the Cloud Service Provider 
approve changes to the cloud service 
based on defined criteria (e.g. test results 
CM - 1. Procedures for managing different types of changes to the features 
are documented and communicated. 
No exceptions noted. 
 


--- Page 150 ---
 
148 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
and required approvals) before these are 
made available to the cloud customers in 
the production environment. 
Cloud customers are involved in the 
release according to contractual 
requirements. 
CM - 3. Key stakeholders approve prior to deploying release into production 
based on documented change management procedures. 
CM - 5. Implemented changes are reviewed for adherence to established 
procedures prior to closure. Changes are rolled back to their previous state 
in case of errors or security concerns. 
DEV-10 Production environments are 
physically or logically separated from test 
or development environments to prevent 
unauthorised access to cloud customer 
data, the spread of malware, or changes 
to system components. Data contained in 
the production environments is not used 
in test or development environments in 
order not to compromise their 
confidentiality. 
SDL - 4. Separate environments, outside of production, are established for 
the purpose of developing and testing changes. Production data is not 
replicated in test or development environments. 
SDL - 7. Source code builds are scanned for malware prior to release to 
production. 
 No exceptions noted. 
 
 
SSO: Control and Monitoring of Service Providers and Suppliers 
Control Objective 5.12: Ensure the protection of information that service providers or suppliers of the Cloud Service Provider (subcontractors) can 
access and monitor the agreed services and security requirements. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
SSO-01 Policies and instructions for 
controlling and monitoring third parties 
(e.g. service providers or suppliers) 
whose services contribute to the provision 
of the cloud service are documented, 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 151 ---
 
149 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
communicated and provided in 
accordance with SP-01 with respect to the 
following aspects: 
• Requirements for the assessment of 
risks resulting from the procurement of 
third-party services; 
• Requirements for the classification of 
third parties based on the risk assessment 
by the Cloud Service Provider and the 
determination of whether the third party 
is a subcontractor (cf. Supplementary 
Information); 
• Information security requirements for 
the processing, storage or transmission of 
information by third parties based on 
recognised industry standards; 
• Information security awareness and 
training requirements for staff; 
• applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements; 
• Requirements for dealing with 
vulnerabilities, security incidents and 
malfunctions; 
• Specifications for the contractual 
agreement of these requirements; 
• Specifications for the monitoring of 
these requirements; and 
• Specifications for applying these 
requirements also to service providers 
used by the third parties, insofar as the 
services provided by these service 
C5 - 9. Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk 
assessment based on the services that will be provided and data handled. 
List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are reviewed 
at least annually. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate 
groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks 
associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
IS - 4. An information security education and awareness program is 
established that includes policy training and periodic security updates to 
Azure DevOps personnel. 
ELC - 6. Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels 
of skills and experience, depending on the role and holds them accountable 
to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a Statement of Work. 
Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 


--- Page 152 ---
 
150 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
providers also contribute to the provision 
of the cloud service. 
 
SSO-02 Service providers and suppliers 
of the Cloud Service Provider undergo a 
risk assessment in accordance with the 
policies and instructions for the control 
and monitoring of third parties prior to 
contributing to the delivery of the cloud 
service. The adequacy of the risk 
assessment is reviewed regularly, at least 
annually, by qualified personnel of the 
Cloud Service Provider during service 
usage. 
The risk assessment includes the 
identification, analysis, evaluation, 
handling and documentation of risks with 
regard to the following aspects: 
• Protection needs regarding the 
confidentiality, integrity, availability and 
authenticity of information processed, 
stored or transmitted by the third party;  
• Impact of a protection breach on the 
provision of the cloud service; 
• The Cloud Service Provider's 
dependence on the service provider or 
supplier for the scope, complexity and 
uniqueness of the service purchased, 
including the consideration of possible 
alternatives. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
C5 - 9. Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk 
assessment based on the services that will be provided and data handled. 
List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are reviewed 
at least annually. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate 
groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks 
associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment 
that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are 
formally assessed. 
 No exceptions noted. 
SSO-03 The Cloud Service Provider 
maintains a directory for controlling and 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 153 ---
 
151 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
monitoring the service providers and 
suppliers who contribute services to the 
delivery of the cloud service. The 
following information is maintained in the 
directory: 
• Company name; 
• Address; 
• Locations of data processing and 
storage; 
• Responsible contact person at the 
service provider/supplier; 
• Responsible contact person at the cloud 
service provider; 
• Description of the service; 
• Classification based on the risk 
assessment; 
• Beginning of service usage; and 
• Proof of compliance with contractually 
agreed requirements. 
The information in the list is checked at 
least annually for completeness, accuracy 
and validity. 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate 
groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks 
associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
C5 - 9. Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk 
assessment based on the services that will be provided and data handled. 
List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are reviewed 
at least annually. 
SSO-04 The Cloud Service Provider 
monitors compliance with information 
security requirements and applicable legal 
and regulatory requirements in 
accordance with policies and instructions 
concerning controlling and monitoring of 
third-parties. 
C5 - 12. Management has developed and documented a risk assessment 
policy to address the purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities for managing 
deviations from the security policies/standards. The risk assessment policy 
and procedures are reviewed and updated on an annual basis. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with management. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 154 ---
 
152 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Monitoring includes a regular review of 
the following evidence to the extent that 
such evidence is to be provided by third 
parties in accordance with the contractual 
agreements: 
• reports on the quality of the service 
provided; 
• certificates of the management systems' 
compliance with international standards; 
• independent third-party reports on the 
suitability and operating effectiveness of 
their service-related internal control 
systems; and 
• Records of the third parties on the 
handling of vulnerabilities, security 
incidents and malfunctions. 
The frequency of the monitoring 
corresponds to the classification of the 
third party based on the risk assessment 
conducted by the Cloud Service Provider 
(cf. SSO-02). The results of the 
monitoring are included in the review of 
the third party's risk assessment. 
Identified violations and deviations are 
subjected to analysis, evaluation and 
treatment in accordance with the risk 
management procedure (cf. OIS-07). 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the 
ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and 
monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective 
actions. 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate 
groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks 
associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment 
that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are 
formally assessed. 
SOC2 - 19. Microsoft Azure DevOps undergoes independent audits and 
assessments, at least annually, to monitor and verify compliance with 
security requirements. Findings are recorded, reviewed, prioritized, and 
remediation plans are developed. 
ELC - 5. Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services 
designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing 
its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an 
annual risk assessment. 
SSO-05 The Cloud Service Provider has 
defined and documented exit strategies 
for the purchase of services where the 
risk assessment of the service providers 
SOC2 - 17. Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, 
contractors and vendors) are identified and addressed within Azure DevOps 
environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 155 ---
 
153 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
and suppliers regarding the scope, 
complexity and uniqueness of the 
purchased service resulted in a very high 
dependency (cf. Supplementary 
Information). 
Exit strategies are aligned with 
operational continuity plans and include 
the following aspects: 
• Analysis of the potential costs, impacts, 
resources and timing of the transition of a 
purchased service to an alternative 
service provider or supplier; 
• Definition and allocation of roles, 
responsibilities and sufficient resources to 
perform the activities for a transition; 
• Definition of success criteria for the 
transition; 
• Definition of indicators for monitoring 
the performance of services, which should 
initiate the withdrawal from the service if 
the results are unacceptable. 
groups (e.g., Legal and Corporate Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks 
associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment 
that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are 
formally assessed. 
C5 - 9. Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk 
assessment based on the services that will be provided and data handled. 
List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are reviewed 
at least annually. 
 
 
 


--- Page 156 ---
 
154 
SIM: Security Incident Management 
Control Objective 5.13: Ensure a consistent and comprehensive approach to the capture, assessment, communication and escalation of security 
incidents. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
SIM-01 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards 
are documented, communicated and 
provided in accordance with SP-01 to 
ensure a fast, effective and proper 
response to all known security incidents. 
The Cloud Service Provider defines 
guidelines for the classification, 
prioritisation and escalation of security 
incidents and creates interfaces to the 
incident management and business 
continuity management. 
In addition, the Cloud Service Provider 
has set up a "Computer Emergency 
Response Team" (CERT), which 
contributes to the coordinated resolution 
of occurring security incidents. 
Customers affected by security incidents 
are informed in a timely and appropriate 
manner. 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for the 
detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of incidents per 
documented procedures. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact the 
service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the security 
commitments and security obligations of the service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely manner. 
No exceptions noted. 
SIM-02 Subject matter experts of the 
Cloud Service Provider, together with 
external security providers where 
appropriate, classify, prioritise and 
perform root-cause analyses for events 
that could constitute a security incident. 
IM - 2. Events, thresholds and metrics are defined and configured to detect 
incidents and alert the associated Service Operations team. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of incidents per 
documented procedures. 
No exceptions noted. 
 


--- Page 157 ---
 
155 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high severity 
incidents impacting the service environment. 
VM - 8. Penetration testing is performed on critical infrastructure 
components at least annually. Findings are documented, tracked and 
remediated. 
SIM-03 After a security incident has been 
processed, the solution is documented in 
accordance with the contractual 
agreements and the report is sent to the 
affected customers for final 
acknowledgement or, if applicable, as 
confirmation. 
C5 - 6. Microsoft Azure DevOps has established forensic procedures to 
support potential legal action after an information security incident. 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high severity 
incidents impacting the service environment. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact the 
service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the security 
commitments and security obligations of the service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely manner. 
No exceptions noted. 
SIM-04 The Cloud Service Provider 
informs employees and external business 
partners of their obligations. If necessary, 
they agree to or are contractually obliged 
to report all security events that become 
known to them and are directly related to 
the cloud service provided by the Cloud 
Service Provider to a previously 
designated central office of the Cloud 
Service Provider promptly. 
In addition, the Cloud Service Provider 
communicates that "false reports" of 
events that do not subsequently turn out 
to be incidents do not have any negative 
consequences. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and responsibilities to 
oversee implementation of the information security policy across the 
service. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for the 
detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
SOC2 - 10. Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage. 
ELC - 6. Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels 
of skills and experience, depending on the role and holds them accountable 
to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a Statement of Work. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 158 ---
 
156 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
SIM-05 Mechanisms are in place to 
measure and monitor the type and scope 
of security incidents and to report them to 
support agencies. The information 
obtained from the evaluation is used to 
identify recurrent or significant incidents 
and to identify the need for further 
protection. 
IM - 1. An incident management framework is established and 
communicated with defined processes, roles and responsibilities for the 
detection, escalation and response of incidents. 
IM - 2. Events, thresholds and metrics are defined and configured to detect 
incidents and alert the associated Service Operations team. 
IM - 3. The Service Operations team performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, escalation, and coordination of incidents per 
documented procedures. 
IM - 4. Incident post-mortem activities are conducted for high severity 
incidents impacting the service environment. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
BCM: Business Continuity Management 
Control Objective 5.14: Plan, implement, maintain and test procedures and measures for business continuity and emergency management. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
BCM-01 The top management (or a 
member of the top management) of the 
Cloud Service Provider is named as the 
process owner of business continuity and 
emergency management and is 
responsible for establishing the process 
within the company as well as ensuring 
compliance with the guidelines. They 
BC - 3. Microsoft has developed a Business Continuity and Disaster 
Recovery (BC / DR) Standard Operating Procedure and documentation that 
includes the defined information security and availability requirements. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 159 ---
 
157 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
must ensure that sufficient resources are 
made available for an effective process. 
People in management and other relevant 
leadership positions demonstrate 
leadership and commitment to this issue 
by encouraging employees to actively 
contribute to the effectiveness of 
continuity and emergency management. 
 
BCM-02 Policies and instructions to 
determine the impact of any malfunction 
to the cloud service or enterprise are 
documented, communicated and made 
available in accordance with SP-01. The 
following aspects are considered as 
minimum: 
• Possible scenarios based on a risk 
analysis; 
• Identification of critical products and 
services 
• Identify dependencies, including 
processes (including resources required), 
applications, business partners and third 
parties; 
• Capture threats to critical products and 
services; 
• Identification of effects resulting from 
planned and unplanned malfunctions and 
changes over time; 
• Determination of the maximum 
acceptable duration of malfunctions; 
BC - 1. Management conducts a risk assessment to identify and assess 
continuity risks related to Azure DevOps. The Business Impact Analysis is 
carried out and impacts are assessed for critical services based on revenue 
and operations considerations. 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and published for 
critical services, which provide roles and responsibilities and detailed 
procedures for recovery and reconstitution of systems to a known state per 
defined Recovery Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives 
(RPO). Plans are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
BC - 3. Microsoft has developed a Business Continuity and Disaster 
Recovery (BC / DR) Standard Operating Procedure and documentation that 
includes the defined information security and availability requirements. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 160 ---
 
158 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Identification of restoration priorities; 
• Determination of time targets for the 
resumption of critical products and 
services within the maximum acceptable 
time period (RTO); 
• Determination of time targets for the 
maximum reasonable period during which 
data can be lost and not recovered (RPO); 
and 
• Estimation of the resources needed for 
resumption. 
BCM-03 Based on the business impact 
analysis, a single framework for 
operational continuity and business plan 
planning will be implemented, 
documented and enforced to ensure that 
all plans are consistent. Planning is based 
on established standards, which are 
documented in a "Statement of 
Applicability". 
Business continuity plans and contingency 
plans take the following aspects into 
account: 
• Defined purpose and scope with 
consideration of the relevant 
dependencies; 
• Accessibility and comprehensibility of 
the plans for persons who are to act 
accordingly; 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and published for 
critical services, which provide roles and responsibilities and detailed 
procedures for recovery and reconstitution of systems to a known state per 
defined Recovery Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives 
(RPO). Plans are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
BC - 4. The BCP team conducts testing of the business continuity and 
disaster recovery plans at least annually. Issues identified during testing 
are resolved during the exercises and plans are updated accordingly. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 161 ---
 
159 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Ownership by at least one designated 
person responsible for review, updating 
and approval; 
• Defined communication channels, roles 
and responsibilities including notification 
of the customer; 
• Recovery procedures, manual interim 
solutions and reference information 
(taking into account prioritisation in the 
recovery of cloud infrastructure 
components and services and alignment 
with customers); 
• Methods for putting the plans into 
effect; 
• Continuous process improvement; and 
• Interfaces to Security Incident 
Management. 
 
BCM-04. The business impact analysis, 
business continuity plans and contingency 
plans are reviewed, updated and tested 
on a regular basis (at least annually) or 
after significant organisational or 
environmental changes. Tests involve 
affected customers (tenants) and relevant 
third parties. The tests are documented 
and results are taken into account for 
future operational continuity measures. 
BC - 2. Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are documented and published for 
critical services, which provide roles and responsibilities and detailed 
procedures for recovery and reconstitution of systems to a known state per 
defined Recovery Time Objectives (RTO) and Recovery Point Objectives 
(RPO). Plans are reviewed on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
BC - 4. The BCP team conducts testing of the business continuity and 
disaster recovery plans at least annually. Issues identified during testing 
are resolved during the exercises and plans are updated accordingly. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 162 ---
 
160 
 
COM: Compliance 
Control Objective 5.15: Avoid non-compliance with legal, regulatory, self-imposed or contractual information security and compliance requirements. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
COM-01 The legal, regulatory, self-
imposed and contractual requirements 
relevant to the information security of the 
cloud service as well as the Cloud Service 
Provider's procedures for complying with 
these requirements are explicitly defined 
and documented. 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual requirements 
and the organization’s approach to meet these requirements should be 
explicitly defined, documented, and kept up to date for each information 
system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 14. Microsoft manages a compliance program with representation 
from various cross-functional teams including CELA, Marketing, security 
champions to identify and manage compliance with relevant statutory, 
regulatory and contractual requirements. 
No exceptions noted. 
COM-02 Policies and instructions for 
planning and conducting audits are 
documented, communicated and made 
available in accordance with SP-01 and 
address the following aspects: 
• Restriction to read-only access to 
system components in accordance with 
the agreed audit plan and as necessary to 
perform the activities; 
• Activities that may result in 
malfunctions to the cloud service or 
breaches of contractual requirements are 
performed during scheduled maintenance 
windows or outside peak periods; and 
• Logging and monitoring of activities. 
 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the 
ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and 
monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective 
actions. 
SOC2 - 19. Microsoft Azure DevOps undergoes independent audits and 
assessments, at least annually, to monitor and verify compliance with 
security requirements. Findings are recorded, reviewed, prioritized, and 
remediation plans are developed. 
 
No exceptions noted. 
COM-03 Subject matter experts check 
the compliance of the information security 
SOC2 - 13. Relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual requirements 
and the organization’s approach to meet these requirements should be 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 163 ---
 
161 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
management system at regular intervals, 
at least annually, with the relevant and 
applicable legal, regulatory, self-imposed 
or contractual requirements (cf. COM-01) 
as well as compliance with the policies 
and instructions (cf. SP-01) within their 
scope of responsibility (cf. OIS-01) 
through internal audits  
Identified vulnerabilities and deviations 
are subject to risk assessment in 
accordance with the risk management 
procedure (cf. OIS-06) and follow-up 
measures are defined and tracked (cf. 
OPS-18). 
explicitly defined, documented, and kept up to date for each information 
system and the organization. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the 
ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and 
monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective 
actions. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment 
that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are 
formally assessed. 
SOC2 - 19. Microsoft Azure DevOps undergoes independent audits and 
assessments, at least annually, to monitor and verify compliance with 
security requirements. Findings are recorded, reviewed, prioritized, and 
remediation plans are developed. 
COM-04 The top management of the 
Cloud Service Provider is regularly 
informed about the information security 
performance within the scope of the ISMS 
in order to ensure its continued suitability, 
adequacy and effectiveness. The 
information is included in the 
management review of the ISMS at is 
performed at least once a year. 
IS - 3. Management has established defined roles and responsibilities to 
oversee implementation of the information security policy across the 
service. 
PI - 2. Azure DevOps management reviews portal performance periodically 
to evaluate compliance with customer SLA requirements. 
SOC2 - 15. Microsoft performs annual Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) review and results are reviewed with management. 
This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the 
ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and 
monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective 
actions. 
SOC2 - 18. Microsoft Azure DevOps performs an annual risk assessment 
that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 164 ---
 
162 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
process, threats to security are identified and risks from these threats are 
formally assessed. 
 
INQ: Dealing with investigation requests from government agencies 
Control Objective 5.16: Ensure appropriate handling of government investigation requests for legal review, information to cloud customers, and 
limitation of access to or disclosure of data. 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
INQ-01 Investigation requests from 
government agencies are subjected to a 
legal assessment by subject matter 
experts of the Cloud Service Provider. The 
assessment determines whether the 
government agency has an applicable and 
legally valid legal basis and what further 
steps need to be taken. 
C5 - 8. Procedures to evaluate government investigative demands for 
customer data are established and documented. Procedures include a 
review and assessment by the Microsoft legal department, which will 
evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where 
Microsoft is required to produce customer data, work with engineering to 
collect and produce the minimum data responsive to the request as 
required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually. 
No exceptions noted. 
INQ-02 The Cloud Service Provider 
informs the affected Cloud Customer(s) 
without undue delay, unless the 
applicable legal basis on which the 
government agency is based prohibits this 
or there are clear indications of illegal 
actions in connection with the use of the 
Cloud Service.  
 
C5 - 8. Procedures to evaluate government investigative demands for 
customer data are established and documented. Procedures include a 
review and assessment by the Microsoft legal department, which will 
evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where 
Microsoft is required to produce customer data, work with engineering to 
collect and produce the minimum data responsive to the request as 
required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually. 
No exceptions noted. 
INQ-03 Access to or disclosure of cloud 
customer data in connection with 
C5 - 8. Procedures to evaluate government investigative demands for 
customer data are established and documented. Procedures include a 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 165 ---
 
163 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
government investigation requests is 
subject to the provision that the Cloud 
Service Provider's legal assessment has 
shown that an applicable and valid legal 
basis exists and that the investigation 
request must be granted on that basis. 
review and assessment by the Microsoft legal department, which will 
evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where 
Microsoft is required to produce customer data, work with engineering to 
collect and produce the minimum data responsive to the request as 
required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually. 
INQ-04 The Cloud Service Provider's 
procedures establishing access to or 
disclosing data of cloud customers in the 
context of investigation requests from 
governmental agencies ensure that the 
agencies only gain access to or insight 
into the data that is the subject of the 
investigation request. 
If no clear limitation of the data is 
possible, the Cloud Service Provider 
anonymises or pseudonymises the data so 
that government agencies can only assign 
it to those cloud customers who are 
subject of the investigation request. 
C5 - 8. Procedures to evaluate government investigative demands for 
customer data are established and documented. Procedures include a 
review and assessment by the Microsoft legal department, which will 
evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where 
Microsoft is required to produce customer data, work with engineering to 
collect and produce the minimum data responsive to the request as 
required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
 
 


--- Page 166 ---
 
164 
PSS: Product Safety and Security 
Control Objective 5.17: Provides up-to-date information on the secure configuration and known vulnerabilities of the cloud service for cloud 
customers, appropriate mechanisms for troubleshooting and logging, as well as authentication and authorisation of users of cloud customers. 
 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
PSS-01 The Cloud Service Provider 
provides cloud customers with guidelines 
and recommendations for the secure use 
of the cloud service provided. The 
information contained therein is intended 
to assist the cloud customer in the secure 
configuration, installation and use of the 
cloud service, to the extent applicable to 
the cloud service and the responsibility of 
the cloud user. 
The type and scope of the information 
provided will be based on the needs of 
subject matter experts of the cloud 
customers who set information security 
requirements, implement them or verify 
the implementation (e.g. IT, Compliance, 
Internal Audit). The information in the 
guidelines and recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud service address 
the following aspects, where applicable to 
the cloud service: 
• Instructions for secure configuration; 
• Information sources on known 
vulnerabilities and update mechanisms; 
• Error handling and logging mechanisms; 
• Authentication mechanisms; 
SOC2 - 4. The service maintains and communicates the confidentiality and 
related security obligations for customer data via the Microsoft Trust 
Center. Guidelines and recommendations for the secure use of the cloud 
services, as applicable, are communicated to customers. 
SOC2 - 5. The service maintains and distributes an accurate system 
description to authorized users. 
SOC2 - 7. Prior to engaging in service, customers are required to review 
and agree with the acceptable use of data and the Service, as well as 
security and privacy requirements, which are defined in the Microsoft Online 
Services Use Rights, Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement, Privacy 
Statement and Technical Overview of the Security Features. 
C5 - 7. Azure DevOps has published a standard set of APIs with an 
ecosystem of tools and libraries on the Azure DevOps Portal. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 167 ---
 
165 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• Roles and rights concept including 
combinations that result in an elevated 
risk; and 
• Services and functions for 
administration of the cloud service by 
privileged users.  
The information is maintained so that it is 
applicable to the cloud service provided in 
the version intended for productive use. 
 
PSS-02 The Cloud Service Provider 
applies appropriate measures to check the 
cloud service for vulnerabilities which 
might have been integrated into the cloud 
service during the software development 
process. 
The procedures for identifying such 
vulnerabilities are part of the software 
development process and, depending on a 
risk assessment, include the following 
activities: 
• Static Application Security Testing; 
• Dynamic Application Security Testing; 
• Code reviews by the Cloud Service 
Provider's subject matter experts; and 
• Obtaining information about confirmed 
vulnerabilities in software libraries 
provided by third parties and used in their 
own cloud service. 
The severity of identified vulnerabilities is 
assessed according to defined criteria and 
CM - 5. Implemented changes are reviewed for adherence to established 
procedures prior to closure. Changes are rolled back to their previous state 
in case of errors or security concerns. 
SDL - 1. Development of new features and changes to existing features 
follow a defined approach based on the Microsoft Secure Development 
Lifecycle (SDL) methodology. 
SDL - 2. Applicable operational security and internal control requirements 
are documented and approved for Azure DevOps. 
SDL - 6. A security review of releases is performed on a periodic basis by 
designated security personnel within Azure DevOps. 
SDL - 7. Source code builds are scanned for malware prior to release to 
production. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement Microsoft 
released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and supporting 
infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
VM - 8. Penetration testing is performed on critical infrastructure 
components at least annually. Findings are documented, tracked and 
remediated. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 168 ---
 
166 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
measures are taken to immediately 
eliminate or mitigate them. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps on a 
periodic basis. 
PSS-03 The Cloud Service Provider 
operates or refers to a daily updated 
online register of known vulnerabilities 
that affect the Cloud Service Provider and 
assets provided by the Cloud Service 
Provider that the cloud customers have to 
install, provide or operate themselves 
under the customers responsibility. 
The presentation of the vulnerabilities 
follows the Common Vulnerability Scoring 
System (CVSS). 
The online register is easily accessible to 
any cloud customer. The information 
contained therein forms a suitable basis 
for risk assessment and possible follow-up 
measures on the part of cloud users.  
For each vulnerability, it is indicated 
whether software updates (e.g. patch, 
update) are available, when they will be 
rolled out and whether they will be 
deployed by the Cloud Service Provider, 
the cloud customer or both of them 
together. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement Microsoft 
released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and supporting 
infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact the 
service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the security 
commitments and security obligations of the service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely manner. 
SOC2 - 12. The security baselines are refreshed for Azure DevOps on a 
periodic basis. 
No exceptions noted. 
PSS-04 The cloud service provided is 
equipped with error handling and logging 
mechanisms. These enable cloud users to 
obtain security-related information about 
the security status of the cloud service as 
VM - 1. Production and supporting infrastructure are configured to log and 
collect security events. 
VM - 2. Administrator activity is logged. 
 No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 169 ---
 
167 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
well as the data, services or functions it 
provides. 
The information is detailed enough to 
allow cloud users to check the following 
aspects, insofar as they are applicable to 
the cloud service: 
• Which data, services or functions 
available to the cloud user within the 
cloud service, have been accessed by 
whom and when (Audit Logs); 
• Malfunctions during processing of 
automatic or manual actions; and 
• Changes to security-relevant 
configuration parameters, error handling 
and logging mechanisms, user 
authentication, action authorisation, 
cryptography, and communication 
security. 
The logged information is protected from 
unauthorised access and modification and 
can be deleted by the Cloud Customer. 
If the cloud customer is responsible for 
the activation or type and scope of 
logging, the Cloud Service Provider must 
provide appropriate logging capabilities. 
VM - 3. A monitoring system is implemented on production and supporting 
infrastructure to monitor the service for potential malicious activity and 
intrusion past service trust boundaries. 
VM - 9. Azure DevOps provides logging mechanisms that can be configured 
by customers to log activities and metrics. 
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service requires 
authentication. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to further 
restrict authentication methods. 
SOC2 - 6. The service maintains and notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and availability type of events that may impact the 
service, through an online Service Dashboard. Changes to the security 
commitments and security obligations of the service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps website in a timely manner. 
C5 - 2. Availability of logging and monitoring software is monitored by 
internal tools on a continuous basis, and responsible personnel is notified in 
case of any failure. 
C5 - 4. Customer metadata is collected, retained, and removed based on 
the documented procedures. 
C5 - 5. Logging servers are required to authenticate over encrypted 
channel to access logs generated within the production environment. Access 
to logging and monitoring infrastructure is restricted to authorized 
personnel. 
PSS-05 The Cloud Service Provider 
provides authentication mechanisms that 
can force strong authentication (e.g. two 
or more factors) for users, IT components 
or applications within the cloud users' 
area of responsibility. 
LA - 1. External access to customer data stored in the service requires 
authentication. 
LA - 2. Customer credentials used to access the service meet the applicable 
password policy requirements. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 170 ---
 
168 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
These authentication mechanisms are set 
up at all access points that allow users, IT 
components or applications to interact 
with the cloud service. 
For privileged users, IT components or 
applications, these authentication 
mechanisms are enforced. 
LA - 5. Customer-configured authorization settings can be set to further 
restrict authentication methods. 
OA - 4. Password complexity standards are defined and enforced for Azure 
DevOps personnel credentials. 
OA - 10. Access to production resources requires the use of a Secure 
Admin Workstation (SAW) which requires MFA for access. SAWs are 
hardened and secured devices with restricted access. 
PSS-06 To protect confidentiality, 
availability, integrity and authenticity 
during interactions with the cloud service, 
a suitable session management system is 
used that at least corresponds to the 
state-of-the-art and is protected against 
known attacks. Mechanisms are 
implemented that invalidate a session 
after it has been detected as inactive. The 
inactivity can be detected by time 
measurement. In this case, the time 
interval can be configured by the Cloud 
Service Provider or - if technically possible 
- by the cloud customer. 
LA - 6. User sessions within the service portal expire after a stipulated 
period of inactivity. 
No exceptions noted. 
PSS-07 If passwords are used as 
authentication information for the cloud 
service, their confidentiality is ensured by 
the following procedures: 
• Users can initially create the password 
themselves or must change an initial 
password when logging in to the cloud 
service for the first time. An initial 
password loses its validity after a 
maximum of 14 days. 
LA - 2. Customer credentials used to access the service meet the applicable 
password policy requirements. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 171 ---
 
169 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
• When creating passwords, compliance 
with the length and complexity 
requirements of the Cloud Service 
Provider (cf. IDM-09) or the cloud 
customer is technically enforced. 
• The user is informed about changing or 
resetting the password. 
• The server-side storage takes place 
using state-of-the-art cryptographically 
strong hash functions in combination with 
at least 32-bit long salt values. 
PSS-08 The Cloud Service Provider 
provides cloud users with a roles and 
rights concept for managing access rights. 
It describes rights profiles for the 
functions provided by the cloud service. 
The rights profiles are suitable for 
enabling cloud users to manage access 
authorisations and permissions in 
accordance with the principle of least-
privilege and how it is necessary for the 
performance of tasks ("need-to-know 
principle") and to implement the principle 
of functional separation between 
operational and controlling functions 
("separation of duties"). 
C5 - 1. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), that define the procedures 
required to operate and maintain the Service environment, have been 
established and communicated to employees. SOPs are reviewed and 
approved annually by appropriate management. 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
SDL - 3. Responsibilities for production deployment are segregated within 
the feature teams. 
CM - 2. Secondary approval is required prior to all pull request check-ins to 
the production build, enforcing segregation among designated personal 
when implementing changes. 
No exceptions noted. 
PSS-09 Access to the functions provided 
by the cloud service is restricted by 
access controls (authorisation 
mechanisms) that verify whether users, 
OA - 1. Administrative access to the service is controlled through defined 
interfaces that require authentication using AD credentials. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 172 ---
 
170 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
IT components, or applications are 
authorised to perform certain actions. 
The Cloud Service Provider validates the 
functionality of the authorisation 
mechanisms before new functions are 
made available to cloud users and in the 
event of changes to the authorisation 
mechanisms of existing functions (cf. 
DEV-06). The severity of identified 
vulnerabilities is assessed according to 
defined criteria based on industry 
standard metrics (e.g. Common 
Vulnerability Scoring System) and 
measures for timely resolution or 
mitigation are initiated. Vulnerabilities 
that have not been fixed are listed in the 
online register of known vulnerabilities 
(cf. PSS-02). 
OA - 2. Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are 
submitted and approved prior to provisioning access to employees, 
contractors, and service providers to specific applications or information 
resources. 
OA - 6. Procedures are established for granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications upon appropriate approval. 
CM - 4. Software releases and configuration changes are tested based on 
established criteria prior to production implementation. 
VM - 5. Procedures are established to evaluate and implement Microsoft 
released patches to service components. 
VM - 6. Procedures are established to monitor production and supporting 
infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
PSS-10 If the Cloud Service offers 
functions for software-defined networking 
(SDN), the confidentiality of the data of 
the cloud user is ensured by suitable SDN 
procedures. 
The Cloud Service Provider validates the 
functionality of the SDN functions before 
providing new SDN features to cloud 
users or modifying existing SDN features. 
Identified defects are assessed and 
corrected in a risk-oriented manner. 
This C5 criteria is not applicable as Azure DevOps is SaaS offering only. 
No exceptions noted. 
PSS-11 If cloud customers operate virtual 
machines or containers with the cloud 
This C5 criteria is not applicable as Azure DevOps is SaaS offering only. 
No exceptions noted. 


--- Page 173 ---
 
171 
C5 Criteria 
Azure DevOps Activity 
Test Result 
service, the Cloud Service Provider must 
ensure the following aspects: 
• The cloud customer can restrict the 
selection of images of virtual machines or 
containers according to his specifications, 
so that users of this cloud customer can 
only launch the images or containers 
released according to these restrictions. 
• If the Cloud Service Provider provides 
images of virtual machines or containers 
to the Cloud Customer, the Cloud Service 
Provider appropriately inform the Cloud 
Customer of the changes made to the 
previous version. 
• In addition, these images provided by 
the Cloud Service Provider are hardened 
according to generally accepted industry 
standards. 
PSS-12 The cloud customer is able to 
specify the locations (location/country) of 
the data processing and storage including 
data backups according to the 
contractually available options. 
This must be ensured by the cloud 
architecture. 
DS - 7. Customer data is automatically replicated to minimize isolated 
faults. Customers are able to determine geographical regions of the data 
processing and storage, including data backups. 
No exceptions noted. 
 
 
 


--- Page 174 ---
 
172 
Part C: Azure DevOps Control Activities and Test Results 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
IS - 1 
Microsoft has documented and 
communicated a security policy 
that defines the information 
security rules and 
requirements for the Azure 
DevOps environment. 
• 
Inquired of management if a documented security policy that specifies 
the rules and requirements applicable to the Azure DevOps environment 
exists. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the security policy to ascertain that it addresses 
the applicable information security requirements. 
• 
Inspected the security policy to ascertain that it was published and 
communicated to Azure DevOps' employees and the relevant third 
parties. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IS - 2 
The security policy is reviewed 
and approved annually by 
Microsoft management. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process for reviewing and 
approving the security policy. 
• 
Obtained and inspected evidence of the annual security policy review 
performed and the associated management approvals to ascertain that it 
was reviewed annually. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IS - 3 
Management has established 
defined roles and 
responsibilities to oversee 
implementation of the 
information security policy 
across the service. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the implementation of the 
security policy requirements within Azure DevOps through the 
designation of roles and responsibilities. 
• 
Inspected relevant documentation (e.g., SOPs) to ascertain that roles 
and responsibilities for implementation of security policy requirements 
were defined and documented. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IS - 4 
An information security 
education and awareness 
program is established that 
includes policy training and 
periodic security updates to 
Azure DevOps personnel. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the processes for awareness and 
training on information security for employees, contractors, and third-
party users. 
• 
Inspected training material to ascertain that it incorporated policy 
training and periodic security updates. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 175 ---
 
173 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
Obtained participation details for mandatory security trainings and 
ascertained that participation was tracked for Azure DevOps personnel. 
OA - 1 
Administrative access to the 
service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require 
authentication using AD 
credentials. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures in place for 
accessing Azure DevOps-specific administration tools. 
• 
For a sample of security groups, obtained and inspected evidence to 
ascertain that access to the administration tools was restricted through 
defined interfaces, authenticated through AD credentials, and was 
limited based on the job responsibilities. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the current listing of user accounts and 
ascertained that each user was assigned a unique user ID, which clearly 
identifies the user. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 2 
Requests for new access, or 
modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and 
approved prior to provisioning 
access to employees, 
contractors, and service 
providers to specific 
applications or information 
resources. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the approvals required from the 
security group owners for accessing specific applications or information 
resources.  
• 
For a sample of security groups, inspected the use of account 
management tools to ascertain that access was granted/modified for 
users only upon receipt of approval from Full-Time Employee (FTE) 
managers or their delegates. 
• 
For a sample of one user and security group, observed the enforcement 
of the approval rule configuration to ascertain that access is 
created/obtained after the appropriate approvals. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 3 
Procedures are in place to 
disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's 
termination. 
• 
Inquired of management that procedures are established for disabling 
terminated user accounts in a timely manner. 
• 
For a sample of terminated users within the examination period, 
obtained account disablement logs to ascertain that accounts were 
disabled timely upon termination. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 176 ---
 
174 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
OA - 4 
Password complexity standards 
are defined and enforced for 
Azure DevOps personnel 
credentials. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the implementation of password 
standards (e.g., length, complexity and age) and acceptable use 
guidelines. 
• 
Obtained the relevant configuration files to ascertain that password 
standards were enforced. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 5 
Access privileges are reviewed 
quarterly to determine if 
access rights are 
commensurate to the user's 
job duties. Access is modified 
based on the results of the 
reviews. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process in place and the 
cadence for periodic user access reviews. 
• 
Obtained review documentation for sampled quarters to ascertain 
whether access reviews were performed per the defined cadence and 
resulting action items were completed by the owners/delegates of the 
feature. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 6 
Procedures are established for 
granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data 
and applications upon 
appropriate approval. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand of the procedures in place for 
granting and revoking temporary access for personnel to customer data 
and applications. 
• 
For a sample of temporary access request services, obtained and 
inspected temporary access logs and associated tickets to ascertain that 
temporary access was granted and approved per the defined process 
and had documented business justification associated with it. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 7 
Authentication over an 
encrypted Remote Desktop 
Connection is used for 
administrator access to the 
production environment. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand mechanisms in place for 
connecting remotely to the Azure DevOps environment. 
• 
Observed access sessions to ascertain that Remote Desktop Protocol 
(RDP) connections to the Azure DevOps environment were authenticated 
and encrypted. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 8 
Alerts are generated when a 
break-glass account is used to 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures in place for 
monitoring break-glass account access to the production environment. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 177 ---
 
175 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
access production 
environment. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the configuration files to ascertain that 
automated mechanisms were in place to generate alerts when a break-
glass account is used to access the production environment. 
• 
For various break-glass activity, observed the associated ticket to 
ascertain that an alert was generated when a break-glass account was 
used to access the production environment. 
OA - 9 
Production domain-level user 
accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
• 
Inquired of management if procedures for disabling user accounts that 
have been inactive after a stipulated period in the production 
environment are established. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the applicable configuration settings to ascertain 
that production domain accounts were disabled timely after their 
inactivity period. 
• 
For a sampled user, obtained and inspected the last login date and 
account status to ascertain that the account was disabled timely after 
the inactivity period. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 10 
Access to production resources 
requires the use of a Secure 
Admin Workstation (SAW) 
which requires MFA for access. 
SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted 
access. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process of using Secure 
Admin Workstation (SAW) machine and authentication using MFA for 
accessing production resources. 
• 
Observed the access and authentication mechanisms to ascertain that 
access to production resources required using Secure Admin Workstation 
(SAW) machine and MFA for authentication. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the configuration settings for SAW devices and 
ascertained that the devices are hardened and have restricted access. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 1 
Cryptographic certificates, 
keys, and customer access 
keys used for communication 
between the features and 
other internal components are 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the different types of 
cryptographic certificates and keys used by the service to connect to 
internal components, and their cadence/frequency of rotation. 
• 
Inspected the location of the cryptographic keys, customer access keys, 
connection strings and Storage Account Keys (SAKs) to ascertain that 
No exceptions 
noted.  


--- Page 178 ---
 
176 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
stored securely and are rotated 
on a periodic basis. 
they were encrypted. Additionally, inspected security groups having 
access to secrets to ascertain that access was strictly restricted to 
personnel having valid business justification.  
• 
Obtained the list of production secrets and for a sample of production 
secrets, obtained the last rotation date to ascertain that the secrets 
were rotated on a periodic basis. 
DS - 2 
Customer data communicated 
through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission 
over external networks. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding controls in place that restrict 
transmission of customer data using secure protocols through various 
endpoints over external networks. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that the restrictions were in place 
to prevent use of insecure protocols for transmission of customer data 
over external networks. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 3 
Internal communication 
between key components 
where customer data is 
transmitted / involved is 
secured using SSL or 
equivalent mechanism(s). 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the use of secure mechanisms 
such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) with mutual authentication for 
communication between internal key components that involves customer 
data. 
• 
For a sample of Azure DevOps components, performed inspection to 
ascertain the use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for internal 
communication. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 4 
Cryptographic controls are 
used for information protection 
within the platform based on 
the Cryptographic Policy and 
Key Management procedures. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the policies and procedures in place 
for using cryptographic controls within the Azure DevOps environment.  
• 
Inspected a sample of releases to ascertain that Cryptographic Policy 
and Key Management requirements were enforced. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 5 
Backups of key service 
components are performed 
regularly and stored in fault 
tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures in place for backing 
up the Azure DevOps service components. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 179 ---
 
177 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
For a sample of key service components, obtained and inspected 
configurations and logs to ascertain that component data was backed up 
and stored in fault tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
DS - 6 
Critical Azure DevOps 
components are designed with 
redundancy to sustain isolated 
faults and minimize disruptions 
to customer services. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the redundancy mechanisms in place 
for key components within the Azure DevOps platform. 
• 
For a sample of critical Azure DevOps components, performed inspection 
to ascertain that redundancies were implemented within the production 
environment to minimize the disruptions to customer services. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 7 
Customer data is automatically 
replicated to minimize isolated 
faults. Customers are able to 
determine geographical 
regions of the data processing 
and storage, including data 
backups. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the redundancy mechanisms in place 
to replicate customer data stored across Azure DevOps features. 
• 
For a sample of Azure DevOps features, observed configuration and 
replication status to ascertain that customer data was automatically 
replicated to minimize isolated faults. 
• 
Observed the customer portal and available options to ascertain that the 
customers are able to determine geographical regions of the data 
processing and storage, including data backups. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 8 
Upon termination of a 
customer account, the 
customer data is removed 
based upon the stipulated 
retention and removal 
timelines. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the policy and procedures in place 
for the retention and removal of customer data upon deletion of the 
Azure DevOps account. 
• 
For a sample of terminated customer accounts, inspected logged 
database events to ascertain that data was retained or removed as per 
the stipulated retention and removal timelines noted in the Azure 
DevOps data retention and removal policies. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM - 1 
Procedures for managing 
different types of changes to 
the features are documented 
and communicated. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures for managing various 
types of changes to the Azure DevOps environment including 
requirements for tracking, approval and testing. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 180 ---
 
178 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
Obtained and inspected the Change Management procedure 
documentation to ascertain that procedures for requesting, classifying, 
approving, and implementing changes were defined and communicated. 
CM - 2 
Secondary approval is required 
prior to all pull request check-
ins to the production build, 
enforcing segregation among 
designated personal when 
implementing changes. 
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures for segregation of duties 
for key responsibilities related to change implementation and approval. 
• 
Obtained and inspected policy documentation and ascertained that 
segregation of duties for key responsibilities was documented. 
• 
For a sample of branch policy setting, inspected the branch policy 
configuration to ascertain that responsibilities for approving and 
implementing changes to the features are segregated among designated 
personnel.  
• 
For a sample of changes implemented to production, obtained and 
inspected evidence to ascertain that approval and implementation of 
changes were segregated among designated personnel. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM - 3 
Key stakeholders approve prior 
to deploying release into 
production based on 
documented change 
management procedures. 
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures for approving changes 
prior to release into production. 
• 
For a sample of changes implemented to production, obtained and 
inspected evidence to ascertain that changes were approved by key 
stakeholders and executed in accordance with documented procedures. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM - 4 
Software releases and 
configuration changes are 
tested based on established 
criteria prior to production 
implementation. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures for testing various 
types of changes to the Azure DevOps environment. 
• 
For a sample of changes made to production, obtained and inspected 
evidence to ascertain that documented procedures for testing were 
followed prior to deployment. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM - 5 
Implemented changes are 
reviewed for adherence to 
established procedures prior to 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures for reviewing various 
types of changes to the Azure DevOps environment prior to closure. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 181 ---
 
179 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
closure. Changes are rolled 
back to their previous state in 
case of errors or security 
concerns. 
• 
For a sample of changes made to production, obtained and inspected 
evidence to ascertain that changes were reviewed prior to closure. 
Further, ascertained that changes were rolled back to their previous 
state if errors or security issue identified during review. 
CM - 6 
Any changes to production via 
break-glass have been 
reviewed to ensure all changes 
were appropriate. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process related to performing 
review of changes made through break-glass accounts in the production 
environment. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the break-glass account access population and 
ascertained that there were no instances of break-glass account access 
scenarios during the examination period. 
Inconclusive. 
 
The operating 
effectiveness of 
this control 
activity was not 
tested during the 
examination 
period, as no 
instances of 
changes to 
production via 
break-glass were 
identified. 
 
SDL - 1 
Development of new features 
and changes to existing 
features follow a defined 
approach based on the 
Microsoft Secure Development 
Lifecycle (SDL) methodology. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the SDL methodology followed 
for the development of new features and making changes to existing 
features. 
• 
For a sample of releases, inspected SDL documentation to ascertain that 
SDL methodology was followed to incorporate security practices as part 
of the development process. 
• 
For a sample of changes, obtained and inspected evidence to ascertain 
that documented procedures for testing were followed prior to 
deployment. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 2 
Applicable operational security 
and internal control 
requirements are documented 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the process to identify and document 
applicable security and internal control requirements as part of the SDL 
process.  
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 182 ---
 
180 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
and approved for Azure 
DevOps. 
• 
For a sample of releases, inspected documentation to ascertain that 
security and internal control requirements were identified, documented, 
and approved based on review with designated security leads. 
SDL - 3 
Responsibilities for production 
deployment are segregated 
within the feature teams. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the processes in place to 
segregate responsibilities for production deployment within the feature 
teams.  
• 
Obtained and inspected evidence for a sample of production 
deployments to ascertain that access to perform production deployments 
was restricted to authorized Azure DevOps teams. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 4 
Separate environments, 
outside of production, are 
established for the purpose of 
developing and testing 
changes. Production data is not 
replicated in test or 
development environments. 
• 
Inquired of management around separation of development, test, and 
production environments. 
• 
For a sample of services, obtained and inspected configuration files to 
ascertain that the development, test and production environments 
existed and were separate. 
• 
For a sample of services, obtained and inspected database configuration 
files to ascertain that production data is not replicated to the test or 
development environments. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 5 
Azure DevOps Services use 
code repositories for managing 
source code changes. 
Procedures are established to 
approve code changes made to 
source code repository. Code 
changes submitted to the 
repository are logged and can 
be traced to the individuals or 
system components executing 
them. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the access control procedures 
established to authorize access to code repository based on roles. 
• 
For a sample of services, obtained and inspected the branch policy 
settings and associated membership details to ascertain that source 
code changes are approved by appropriate personnel. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the master branch configuration files and a 
sample change to ascertain that the identity of the individual and/or 
system component changing the code, the time of the change, and 
changes submitted to the source code repository were logged. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 183 ---
 
181 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
SDL - 6 
A security review of releases is 
performed on a periodic basis 
by designated security 
personnel within Azure 
DevOps. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand of the procedures for security 
review of services.  
• 
For a sample of services, inspected documentation to ascertain that a 
security review was completed on a periodic basis as per the SDL 
methodology and sign-offs were obtained from the designated security 
personnel. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 7 
Source code builds are 
scanned for malware prior to 
release to production. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures in place to scan 
source code builds for malware. 
• 
For a sample of source code builds, obtained and inspected evidence of 
scan build for malwares to ascertain that malware scanning was 
performed automatically as part of the build process prior to release to 
production. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 1 
Production and supporting 
infrastructure are configured to 
log and collect security events. 
• 
Inquired of management that security event logging is configured for 
key components within Azure DevOps platform components and 
supporting infrastructure to enable detection of security events. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting infrastructure, 
obtained and inspected configurations to ascertain that logging of 
security events was enabled. Also, obtained and inspected an automated 
alert and associated monitoring. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 2 
Administrator activity is 
logged. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the mechanisms in place for logging 
administrator activities within Azure DevOps platform. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting infrastructure, 
obtained and inspected configurations to ascertain that logging of 
administrator activities was enabled. Also, obtained and inspected an 
automated alert, associated monitoring and corresponding log of 
administrator activity. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 184 ---
 
182 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
VM - 3 
A monitoring system is 
implemented on production 
and supporting infrastructure 
to monitor the service for 
potential malicious activity and 
intrusion past service trust 
boundaries. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the monitoring capabilities within the 
Azure DevOps environment to detect potential malicious activity and 
intrusions. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting infrastructure, 
obtained and inspected configurations to ascertain that a monitoring 
system was in place to detect malicious activities and intrusion. Also, 
obtained and inspected an automated alert, associated monitoring and 
corresponding event log. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 4 
Procedures have been 
established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious 
events detected by the 
monitoring system for timely 
resolution. 
• 
Inquired of management if incidents and malicious events are detected, 
investigated, and resolved in a timely manner per documented 
procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected a sample of incident tickets pertaining to Azure 
DevOps to ascertain that incidents and malicious events were detected, 
investigated, and resolved in a timely manner. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 5 
Procedures are established to 
evaluate and implement 
Microsoft released patches to 
service components. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the patch management process 
implemented within the Azure DevOps environment. 
• 
For a sample of servers, obtained and inspected upgrade configurations 
or patch installation logs to ascertain whether patches were 
implemented per documented procedures. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 6 
Procedures are established to 
monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for 
known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures in place to monitor 
the Azure DevOps components and supporting infrastructure for known 
security vulnerabilities. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting infrastructure, 
obtained and inspected configurations to ascertain that monitoring for 
known security vulnerabilities was enabled. Further, ascertained that 
identified security vulnerabilities were monitored for remediation. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 185 ---
 
183 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
VM - 7 
The availability of the service is 
monitored through third-party 
and internal tools, and the 
status is communicated 
through a Service Dashboard. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures and tools for 
monitoring of service availability. 
• 
Inspected service dashboards and monitoring tools to ascertain that 
availability was monitored and status was communicated. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 8 
Penetration testing is 
performed on critical 
infrastructure components at 
least annually. Findings are 
documented, tracked and 
remediated. 
• 
Inquired of management about penetration testing performed on the 
Azure DevOps environment. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the documents related to penetration testing 
performed on the Azure DevOps environment to ascertain that: 
- 
Penetration testing was performed at least annually 
- 
Critical infrastructure components were included in the scope 
boundary 
- 
Findings were documented, tracked and remediated based on 
severity 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 9 
Azure DevOps provides logging 
mechanisms that can be 
configured by customers to log 
activities and metrics. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the logging mechanisms 
available to customers, and how these logging mechanisms can be 
leveraged. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that logging mechanisms can be 
configured by customers to log activities and track metrics. Inspected 
the logs available on the portal and ascertained that expected entries 
are being logged. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IM - 1 
An incident management 
framework is established and 
communicated with defined 
processes, roles and 
responsibilities for the 
detection, escalation and 
response of incidents. 
• 
Inquired of management that information security incidents are 
managed through designated responsibilities and documented 
procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected information security incident management policy 
documents to ascertain that roles and responsibilities for detection, 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 186 ---
 
184 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
escalation and notification to specialist groups during a security incident 
were established and communicated. 
IM - 2 
Events, thresholds and metrics 
are defined and configured to 
detect incidents and alert the 
associated Service Operations 
team. 
• 
Inquired of management about the events, thresholds and metrics 
established to detect and facilitate alerts / notifications to incident 
management teams. 
• 
For a sample of incidents, inspected IcM tickets to ascertain that 
automated notifications were received upon occurrence of the configured 
events, thresholds and metrics. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IM - 3 
The Service Operations team 
performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, 
escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented 
procedures. 
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures in place for 24x7 
monitoring and handling of incidents. 
• 
Identified the population of incidents (all severities) within the 
examination period and obtained and inspected a sample of incident 
tickets to ascertain that each incident was handled per documented 
procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected monitoring team schedule to ascertain that 
monitoring was performed 24x7. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IM - 4 
Incident post-mortem activities 
are conducted for high severity 
incidents impacting the service 
environment. 
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures in place for performing 
incident post-mortem and submitting formal management reports, for 
customer impacting, high severity incidents. 
• 
Inspected a sample of incidents to ascertain whether the service 
environment was impacted and for those that impacted the service 
environment, that a post-mortem was performed and relevant sign-
off(s) were obtained as per documented procedures. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 1 
External access to customer 
data stored in the service 
requires authentication. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the authentication methods in 
place to restrict external access to customer data stored in Azure 
DevOps. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 187 ---
 
185 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that authentication was required to 
access the data stored in the service. 
LA - 2 
Customer credentials used to 
access the service meet the 
applicable password policy 
requirements. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the password policies 
established and enforced for customer credentials. 
• 
Reperformed the controls to ascertain that customer credentials used to 
access the service meet the applicable password polices. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 3 
Logical segregation is 
implemented to restrict 
unauthorized access to other 
customer tenants. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the controls implemented to 
enforce logical segregation between customer accounts. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that segregation was enforced 
between accounts, and customers can access data within the service 
only upon authorization checks. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 4 
Customer data that is 
confidential is protected while 
in storage within the service. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the mechanisms implemented to 
protect customer confidential data. 
• 
Inspected mechanisms to ascertain that customer confidential data was 
protected while in storage. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 5 
Customer-configured 
authorization settings can be 
set to further restrict 
authentication methods. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand various authorization settings 
that the customer can configure. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that access was restricted based on 
customer configured authorization settings. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 6 
User sessions within the 
service portal expire after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the mechanisms implemented to 
enforce session timeout on Azure DevOps portal. 
• 
Inspected the session expiry settings in the Azure DevOps portal and 
reperformed the control to ascertain that sessions were configured to 
expire after a stipulated period of inactivity. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 188 ---
 
186 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
BC - 1 
Management conducts a risk 
assessment to identify and 
assess continuity risks related 
to Azure DevOps. The Business 
Impact Analysis is carried out 
and impacts are assessed for 
critical services based on 
revenue and operations 
considerations. 
• 
Inquired of the Business Continuity group to understand the processes 
in place for evaluating and analyzing risk associated with critical 
business processes as part of the Business Impact Analysis (BIA). 
• 
Obtained and inspected the BIA document to ascertain that the BIA was 
completed and impacts were assessed for critical processes/services 
based on revenue and operations considerations. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
BC - 2 
Business Continuity Plans 
(BCP) are documented and 
published for critical services, 
which provide roles and 
responsibilities and detailed 
procedures for recovery and 
reconstitution of systems to a 
known state per defined 
Recovery Time Objectives 
(RTO) and Recovery Point 
Objectives (RPO). Plans are 
reviewed on an annual basis, 
at a minimum. 
• 
Inquired of the Business Continuity group to understand the processes 
in place for developing and maintaining Business Continuity Plans (BCP). 
• 
Obtained and inspected the BCP and BIA documents to ascertain that 
roles and responsibilities and, RTOs / RPOs for critical processes were 
defined and approved. 
• 
Inspected the BCP document to ascertain that it is reviewed and 
published on an annual basis, at a minimum. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
BC - 3 
Microsoft has developed a 
Business Continuity and 
Disaster Recovery (BC / DR) 
Standard Operating Procedure 
and documentation that 
includes the defined 
information security and 
availability requirements. 
• 
Inquired of the Business Continuity group to understand the processes 
in place for developing and maintaining Business Continuity procedures 
and documentation. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery 
Standard Operating Procedures and Business Continuity plan to 
ascertain that they included the defined information security and 
availability requirements. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 189 ---
 
187 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
BC - 4 
The BCP team conducts testing 
of the business continuity and 
disaster recovery plans at least 
annually. Issues identified 
during testing are resolved 
during the exercises and plans 
are updated accordingly. 
• 
Inquired of the Business Continuity group to understand the procedures 
in place for testing the Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plans. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the BC / DR testing plan and results documents 
including follow-up documentation for issues identified for the selected 
scenarios to ascertain that BC / DR were established, reviewed and 
tested at least annually. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
BC - 5 
Management has established 
monitoring mechanisms to 
address capacity issues in a 
timely manner. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures established to 
monitor capacity requirements. 
• 
Obtained and inspected capacity report for the sampled months to 
ascertain that management has established monitoring mechanisms to 
address capacity issues in a timely manner. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 1 
Service assets are classified in 
accordance with Microsoft 
Online Services Classification 
Guidelines. Microsoft has 
conducted security 
categorization for its 
information and information 
systems and the results are 
documented, reviewed and 
approved by the authorizing 
official. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures for identification 
and classification of service assets and data. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the current asset classification document to 
ascertain that it addressed the key information and information systems 
used by Azure DevOps and, reviewed and approved by the authorizing 
official. Additionally, compared the asset classification to the Standard 
Operating Procedures (SOP) to ascertain that it aligned with the 
approved definition criteria in the SOP. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 2 
The service maintains an 
inventory of key information 
assets. Procedures are 
established to review usage of 
key information assets on at 
least an annual basis. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process for reviewing and 
updating the inventory of key information assets. 
• 
Obtained and inspected a sample of monthly Service Health Review 
(SHR) report to ascertain that the key information asset inventory was 
reviewed on at least an annual basis. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 190 ---
 
188 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
SOC2 - 3 
The service maintains a 
customer support website that 
describes the process for 
customers and other external 
users to inform about potential 
security issues and submitting 
complaints. Reported issues 
are reviewed and addressed 
per documented incident 
management procedures. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the customer support website and 
the process for addressing reported Customer Support Requests. 
• 
Observed the customer support website and ascertained that it allowed 
customers to report security issues or complaints. 
• 
Identified the population of customer support requests within the 
examination period and obtained tickets for a sample of customer 
support requests to ascertain that each incident was handled per 
documented procedures. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 4 
The service maintains and 
communicates the 
confidentiality and related 
security obligations for 
customer data via the 
Microsoft Trust Center. 
Guidelines and 
recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud 
services, as applicable, are 
communicated to customers. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process for maintaining and 
communicating confidentiality and related security obligations for 
customer data, and recommendations for the secure use of cloud 
services to customers. 
• 
Inspected the Microsoft Trust Center website to ascertain that 
confidentiality and security obligations were maintained and 
communicated to customers and observed that it included security 
related information and best practices for use of cloud services. 
• 
Inspected the Microsoft Trust Center website to ascertain that changes 
to the confidentiality and security obligations were communicated to 
customers. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 5 
The service maintains and 
distributes an accurate system 
description to authorized 
users. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures for the 
development, maintenance, and distribution of the system description. 
• 
Obtained the Azure DevOps service description to ascertain whether it 
described the system. 
• 
Obtained the Azure DevOps service description to ascertain whether it 
was published and communicated to authorized users. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 191 ---
 
189 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
SOC2 - 6 
The service maintains and 
notifies customers of potential 
changes, and security and 
availability type of events that 
may impact the service, 
through an online Service 
Dashboard. Changes to the 
security commitments and 
security obligations of the 
service's customers are 
updated on the Azure DevOps 
website in a timely manner. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process for notifying 
customers of security and availability events through the Service 
Dashboard. Additionally, gained an understanding of the process for 
updating customers of changes to commitments in a timely manner. 
• 
Observed and inspected the customer Service Dashboard to ascertain 
that it was updated with changes and, security and availability type of 
events that impacted the service. 
• 
Obtained and inspected a sample customer impacting incident from the 
incident population, to ascertain that the incident was reflected in the 
Service Dashboard's history, as applicable.  
• 
Observed the security commitments and obligations on the Azure 
DevOps website to ascertain that changes were updated on the Azure 
DevOps website in a timely manner. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 7 
Prior to engaging in service, 
customers are required to 
review and agree with the 
acceptable use of data and the 
Service, as well as security and 
privacy requirements, which 
are defined in the Microsoft 
Online Services Use Rights, 
Microsoft Online Subscription 
Agreement, Privacy Statement 
and Technical Overview of the 
Security Features. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures for the 
identification of security requirements and how customers must meet 
these requirements prior to gaining access to Azure DevOps. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the End User Licensing Agreement (EULA) or 
Customer Agreements required by customers to sign/agree to prior to 
gaining access, and ascertained that they addressed identified security 
requirements. 
• 
Reperformed procedures of  creating sample account to ascertain that 
agreements were required to be signed prior to subscription creation. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 8 
Microsoft has defined 
disciplinary actions for 
employees and contingent staff 
that commit a security breach 
or violate the security policy. 
• 
Inquired of the HR team if disciplinary actions established for employees 
and contingent staff who commit a security breach or violate the 
security policy and the process to communicate the policy to employees 
and relevant external parties. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 192 ---
 
190 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
Obtained and inspected the HR policy to ascertain that disciplinary 
actions were included for employees and contingent staff who commit a 
security breach or violate the security policy. 
SOC2 - 9 
Microsoft personnel and 
contingent staff undergo 
formal screening, including 
background verification checks 
as a part of the hiring process 
prior to being granted access. 
Additional screening is 
conducted in accordance with 
customer specific 
requirements, for employees 
with access to applicable data. 
• 
Inquired of the HR team if procedures established to perform 
background checks on new or transferred personnel and contingent staff 
before they are granted access to the production assets. 
• 
Obtained and inspected procedures document to ascertain that 
background screening performed included verification of personal and 
professional history. 
• 
Obtained the total population of new hires from the HR system from the 
examination period. Selected a sample of new hires to ascertain that 
background checks were performed prior to access being granted to 
critical data / applications 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 10 
Microsoft requires employees 
and contractors to sign 
agreements that include non-
disclosure provisions and asset 
protection responsibilities, 
upon hire. In addition, 
employees must acknowledge 
Employee Handbook, which 
describes the responsibilities 
and expected behavior with 
regard to information and 
information system usage. 
• 
Inquired of the HR team if Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDAs), that 
include asset protection and return responsibilities, were signed as a 
part of the onboarding process. 
• 
Inspected a sample NDA to ascertain that the agreement included 
requirements for asset protection, and asset return upon termination of 
employment. 
• 
Obtained the total population of new hires from the HR system from the 
examination period. Selected a sample of new hires to ascertain that 
NDAs were signed at the time of onboarding. Obtained and inspected 
the Reporting Concerns About Misconduct policy to confirm that 
notification of incidents procedures were documented. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 12 
The security baselines are 
refreshed for Azure DevOps on 
a periodic basis. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the baseline process for Azure 
DevOps, including scanning environments for baseline compatibility and 
periodic refresh of the security baseline. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 193 ---
 
191 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
For a sample of platform components, obtained and inspected 
configurations to ascertain that logging of baseline deviations was 
enabled and security baseline are refreshed periodically. 
SOC2 - 13 
Relevant statutory, regulatory, 
and contractual requirements 
and the organization’s 
approach to meet these 
requirements should be 
explicitly defined, documented, 
and kept up to date for each 
information system and the 
organization. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures in place for 
identifying relevant statutory, regulatory, and contractual requirements, 
and making the relevant updates to documentation or procedures 
accordingly.  
• 
Obtained and inspected the meeting invites and meeting minutes for a 
sample of months to ascertain that meetings between Azure DevOps 
Compliance and Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs (CELA) occur on a 
periodic basis to define, document and maintain statutory, regulatory, 
and contractual requirements for Azure DevOps. 
• 
Obtained and inspected policy, procedure, and agreement documents to 
ascertain that they were current and included relevant and current 
statutory, regulatory, and contractual requirements. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 14 
Microsoft manages a 
compliance program with 
representation from various 
cross-functional teams 
including CELA, Marketing, 
security champions to identify 
and manage compliance with 
relevant statutory, regulatory 
and contractual requirements. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process in place for 
managing compliance with relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual 
requirements, with the involvement of various cross-functional teams 
including CELA, Marketing, and security champions. 
• 
Obtained and inspected meeting invites and meeting minutes to 
ascertain that meetings between Azure DevOps Compliance and CELA 
occur on a periodic basis. 
• 
Observed CELA communications regarding regulatory compliance to 
ascertain that it addressed relevant statutory, regulatory and contractual 
requirements. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 15 
Microsoft performs annual 
Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process in place for 
performing the Information Security Management System (ISMS) review 
on an at least annual basis. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 194 ---
 
192 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
review and results are 
reviewed with management. 
This involves monitoring 
ongoing effectiveness and 
improvement of the ISMS 
control environment by 
reviewing security issues, audit 
results, and monitoring status, 
and by planning and tracking 
necessary corrective actions. 
 
• 
Obtained and inspected a sample of meeting invites and minutes to 
ascertain that ISMS review was performed on at least once a year 
through review of scope, security issues, audit results, and monitoring 
status, and the involvement of management in the entire process. 
SOC2 - 17 
Security risks related to 
external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and 
vendors) are identified and 
addressed within Azure 
DevOps environment based on 
Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are 
defined to coordinate with 
relevant corporate groups 
(e.g., Legal and Corporate 
Affairs, Procurement) in 
reviewing risks associated with 
external parties and 
establishing relevant 
agreements. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the risk assessment process and 
how risks are identified and addressed related to external parties (such 
as customers, contractors and vendors). 
• 
Obtained and inspected the latest risk assessment performed by Azure 
DevOps management to ascertain that it was completed. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the Statement of Work (SOW) citing external 
parties’ access was restricted authoritatively based on the risk 
assessment performed. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SOC2 - 18 
Microsoft Azure DevOps 
performs an annual risk 
assessment that covers 
security, continuity, and 
• 
Inquired of management on the annual risk assessment process and 
how security, continuity and operational risks are addressed. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 195 ---
 
193 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
operational risks. As part of 
this process, threats to 
security are identified and risks 
from these threats are formally 
assessed. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the risk management framework to ascertain 
that procedures for identifying, assessing and monitoring risks were 
established. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the risk assessment reports for the latest risk 
assessment performed by Microsoft Azure DevOps management for the 
identified risk domains, to ascertain that threats to security were 
identified and the risk from these threats was assessed. 
SOC2 - 19 
Microsoft Azure DevOps 
undergoes independent audits 
and assessments, at least 
annually, to monitor and verify 
compliance with security 
requirements. Findings are 
recorded, reviewed, prioritized, 
and remediation plans are 
developed. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the independent audit and 
assessment of compliance with security requirements process and how 
findings are recorded, reviewed, prioritized, and remediation plans are 
developed. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the latest independent audit reports over 
compliance with security requirements to ascertain that findings were 
recorded, reviewed, prioritized, and remediation plans were developed. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
PI - 1 
Azure DevOps monitors the 
transactions invoked by the 
customer and relays them 
appropriately to the designated 
end-point. Actions are taken in 
response to defined threshold 
events. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding measures in place to monitor 
transactions invoked by customers. 
• 
Observed the dashboard used by Azure DevOps for monitoring 
transactions to ascertain that dashboard provides details regarding 
transaction processing for the feature teams to review.  
• 
Obtained evidence to ascertain that repeated transaction processing 
errors were identified and were tracked for remediation by Azure 
DevOps feature teams. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
PI - 2 
Azure DevOps management 
reviews portal performance 
periodically to evaluate 
compliance with customer 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the review procedures that are 
established to understand and evaluate portal performance against 
customer SLA requirements. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 196 ---
 
194 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
Service Level Agreement  
(SLA) requirements. 
• 
Obtained and inspected sample weekly Live Site Review (LSR) reports to 
ascertain that performance reviews were conducted as per established 
procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the sample monthly Service Health Review 
(SHR)meeting invites with leadership to ascertain that performance 
reviews were conducted as per established procedures. 
PI - 3 
Azure DevOps performs input 
validation to restrict any non-
permissible requests to the 
API. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand mechanisms to perform input 
validation to restrict non-permissible requests. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that invalid input provided by the 
user was detected and error messages were generated. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
PI - 4 
Azure DevOps appropriately 
provisions the services based 
on request from customer 
through the portal/API. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand mechanisms to provision 
services to the users through the portal/API based on the customer 
request. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that services were provisioned 
based on the input parameters provided by the customer. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 1  
Standard Operating Procedures 
(SOPs), that define the 
procedures required to operate 
and maintain the Service 
environment, have been 
established and communicated 
to employees. SOPs are 
reviewed and approved 
annually by appropriate 
management. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the process for establishing, 
maintaining, updating and reviewing Standard Operating Procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the latest Standard Operating Procedures 
(SOPs) to ascertain they included appropriate attributes, and were 
reviewed and approved in a timely manner. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 2 
Availability of logging and 
monitoring software is 
monitored by internal tools on 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures in place for 
monitoring availability of the logging and monitoring infrastructure. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 197 ---
 
195 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
a continuous basis, and 
responsible personnel is 
notified in case of any failure. 
• 
Inspected monitoring tool configuration to ascertain that automated 
mechanisms were in place to continuously identify unavailability of the 
logging and monitoring infrastructure, and route incidents to appropriate 
personnel for resolution. 
C5 - 3 
Microsoft Azure DevOps 
components are configured to 
use Coordinated Universal 
Time (UTC) time and the 
clocks are synchronized with 
the domain controller server. 
• 
Inquired of management to ascertain the procedures in place for time 
synchronization across the various Azure DevOps components. 
• 
Additionally, inquired if Azure DevOps uses a centralized synchronized 
time-service protocol (such as Network Time Protocol (NTP)), which 
synchronizes with UTC, to ascertain that systems, including domain 
controllers have a common time reference. 
• 
Observed mechanisms used by Azure DevOps to ascertain that there are 
configurations in place to sync time and clocks across the Azure DevOps 
components, including domain controllers, to UTC. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 4 
Customer metadata is 
collected, retained, and 
removed based on the 
documented procedures. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process regarding customer 
metadata collection, retention and deletion. 
• 
For a sampled user account obtained metadata collected and inspected 
configurations to ascertain that mechanisms existed for collecting, 
retaining and deleting customer metadata in accordance with 
documented procedures. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 5 
Logging servers are required to 
authenticate over encrypted 
channel to access logs 
generated within the 
production environment. 
Access to logging and 
monitoring infrastructure is 
restricted to authorized 
personnel. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process and mechanism in 
place for enforcing authenticated access to the logging and monitoring 
infrastructure. 
• 
Through observation and inspection of security configurations, 
ascertained that mechanisms existed for logging servers to establish an 
authenticated connection with the logging infrastructure and that it 
takes place over an encrypted channel. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 198 ---
 
196 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
Through inspection ascertained that only authorized individuals were 
part of the security group that had access to logging and monitoring 
infrastructure. 
C5 - 6 
Microsoft Azure DevOps has 
established forensic procedures 
to support potential legal 
action after an information 
security incident. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the forensic procedures in place for 
preservation and presentation of evidence, to support potential legal 
action after an information security incident. 
• 
Obtained and inspected Azure Incident Management Standard Operating 
Procedure (SOP) and ascertained that forensic procedures and 
methodologies for gathering and securing evidences were defined. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 7 
Azure DevOps has published a 
standard set of APIs with an 
ecosystem of tools and 
libraries on the Azure DevOps 
Portal. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the list of Application Programming 
Interfaces (APIs) that Azure DevOps offers to customers. 
• 
Inspected the Azure DevOps API reference webpage to ascertain that 
the list of APIs offered by Azure DevOps to customers were published in 
a centralized repository (webpage) and were as per the industry 
standards. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 8 
Procedures to evaluate 
government investigative 
demands for customer data are 
established and documented. 
Procedures include a review 
and assessment by the 
Microsoft legal department, 
which will evaluate the legal 
basis for the request to 
determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted 
customer where permitted by 
law, where Microsoft is 
required to produce customer 
data, work with engineering to 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures established to 
evaluate, review, notify and respond to government investigative 
demands for customer data. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the procedural documentation established for 
government investigative demands for customer data and ascertained 
that they were reviewed on an annual basis. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 199 ---
 
197 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
collect and produce the 
minimum data responsive to 
the request as required by law. 
Procedures are reviewed at 
least annually. 
C5 - 9 
Prior to contracting with 
Microsoft, suppliers undergo a 
risk assessment based on the 
services that will be provided 
and data handled. List of 
reviewed suppliers is 
maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least 
annually. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the risk assessment performed 
prior to contracting with suppliers and the process for maintaining the 
directory of suppliers including their risk profile. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the directory of suppliers to ascertain that it 
contained basic supplier information including their risk profile. 
Additionally, obtained and inspected documented procedures related to 
performing risk assessment of suppliers to ascertain that the 
assessment was based on the services provided and data handled. 
• 
For a sample of suppliers, obtained and inspected the risk assessment 
report to ascertain that the supplier's risk profile aligned with the 
services provided and data handled by the suppliers. Additionally, 
ascertained that the risk profiles were reviewed at least on an annual 
basis. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 10 
Microsoft has established 
policies for mobile computing 
devices to meet appropriate 
security practices prior to 
being connected to the 
production environment. 
• 
Inquired of management that a documented policy exists that specifies 
the rules and requirements applicable to mobile computing devices. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the mobile computing policy to ascertain that it 
included applicable information security requirements. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 11 
Azure DevOps has 
implemented tools to perform 
integrity verification checks to 
detect unauthorized changes to 
software, firmware and 
information. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the tools implemented to detect 
unauthorized changes to software, firmware and information. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting infrastructure, 
obtained and inspected configurations to ascertain that logging of 
integrity verification checks was enabled. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 200 ---
 
198 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
C5 - 12 
Management has developed 
and documented a risk 
assessment policy to address 
the purpose, scope, roles, 
responsibilities for managing 
deviations from the security 
policies/standards. The risk 
assessment policy and 
procedures are reviewed and 
updated on an annual basis. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures to manage and 
review deviations from the security policies/standards. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the exception procedures, describing the 
process followed for handling deviations and exceptions. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the review history for the exception policy to 
ascertain that it is reviewed at least annually. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
C5 - 13 
Customer data is accessible 
within agreed upon services in 
data formats compatible with 
providing those services. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the accessibility of data from agreed 
upon services in data formats compatible with the services. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that customer data was accessible 
in the data formats compatible with providing those services. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
ELC - 1 
Microsoft's values are 
accessible to employees via 
the Values SharePoint site and 
are updated as necessary by 
management. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding Microsoft's values and the process 
for updating and making them accessible to employees. 
• 
Observed the Values SharePoint site and ascertained that Microsoft's 
values are defined, updated as needed, and published  to employees. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
ELC - 2 
Microsoft Compliance and 
Ethics team updates the 
Standards of Business Conduct 
(SBC) as necessary and the 
Code is made available 
internally and externally. The 
SBC reflects Microsoft's 
continued commitment to 
ethical business practices and 
regulatory compliance. 
Compliance and Ethics team 
provides an annual Standards 
• 
Inquired of the Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team to ascertain that 
Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) is established and made available 
internally and externally. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the Standards of Business Conduct to ascertain 
that the Code included Microsoft’s continued commitment to ethical 
business practices and regulatory compliance. 
• 
For a sample of employees, obtained the SBC training completion status, 
including, where applicable, any follow-up documentation for employees 
who did not complete the training on time. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 201 ---
 
199 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
of Business Conduct training 
course that is mandatory for all 
employees. Employees who do 
not complete the training on 
time are tracked and followed 
up with appropriately. 
ELC - 3 
Microsoft maintains several 
mechanisms (email, phone, 
fax, website) that permit 
employees and non-employees 
to communicate confidential 
and / or anonymous reports 
concerning Business Conduct. 
• 
Inquired of Microsoft Compliance and Ethics team regarding the 
mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit reporting of issues 
related to Business Conduct. 
• 
Accessed each communication mechanism to ascertain that the 
mechanisms were available and functioning. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
ELC - 4 
The Audit Committee (AC) 
reviews its Charter and 
Responsibilities as listed in its 
calendar on an annual basis. 
The AC Responsibilities include 
meeting with the external and 
internal auditors on a quarterly 
basis; providing oversight on 
the development and 
performance of controls; and 
completing an annual self-
evaluation. 
• 
Inquired of the members of the Audit Committee (AC) to gain an 
understanding of the Charter and Responsibilities of the Audit 
Committee and its annual review process. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the agenda or meeting minutes to ascertain the 
annual review of Audit Committee's Charter and Responsibilities 
Calendar. 
• 
Inspected the investor relations website to ascertain that the Audit 
Committee's Charter and Responsibilities Calendar was published on the 
website. 
• 
Obtained evidence (e.g., meeting invite, meeting minutes) to ascertain 
quarterly meetings between AC and internal/external auditors. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
ELC - 5 
Internal Audit Charter directs 
Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective 
audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to 
provide assurance that the 
• 
Inquired of management to gain an understanding of the Internal Audit 
Charter and the scope and frequency of assurance activities performed 
by Internal Audit. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the Internal Audit Charter and ascertained that 
the Charter directs the services of the Internal Audit. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 202 ---
 
200 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope 
and frequency of assurance 
activities is based on an annual 
risk assessment. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the Internal Audit plan and ascertained that the 
assurance activities are based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC - 6 
Management expects 
outsourced providers to meet 
certain levels of skills and 
experience, depending on the 
role and holds them 
accountable to achieving 
specific deliverables, as 
outlined in a Statement of 
Work. Outsourced providers 
are trained to understand and 
comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the process for: 
- 
Citing expectations from outsourced providers to achieve specific 
deliverables 
- 
Training outsourced providers on Microsoft's supplier code of 
conduct 
• 
Obtained and inspected Microsoft's SOW template to ascertain that it 
cited outsourced providers' role and accountability in achieving specific 
deliverables. 
• 
Inspected the supplier procurement website to ascertain that Microsoft's 
supplier code of conduct is available and accessible to all outsourced 
providers. 
• 
Observed during the supplier access provisioning process that 
completion of the supplier code of conduct training is required. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
ELC - 7 
Employees hold periodic 
connects with their managers 
to validate they are on the 
expected career path and 
facilitate greater collaboration. 
Employees also review their 
performance against their 
documented deliverables 
(priorities) and discuss the 
results with their managers. 
• 
Inquired of the Human Resources (HR) team that periodic connects take 
place at least annually, where employee's commitments are evaluated 
by his or her manager. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the documentation of a sample periodic connect 
to ascertain that it included an evaluation of the employee's 
performance against the documented deliverables (priorities). 
• 
For a sample of employees, obtained evidence of occurrence of periodic 
connects to ascertain that the connects occurred at least annually. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 203 ---
 
201 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
ELC - 8 
The Compensation Committee 
is responsible for reviewing 
and discussing plans for 
executive officer development 
and corporate succession plans 
for the CEO and other 
executive officers. 
• 
Inquired of the members of the Compensation Committee to gain an 
understanding of the process for planning of executive officer 
development and corporate succession plans for the CEO and other 
executive officers. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the agenda or meeting minutes to ascertain the 
annual discussion of the succession plans. 
• 
Inspected the Compensation Committee Charter on the investor 
relations website to ascertain that the Compensation Committee’s 
responsibility included reviewing the succession plan for CEO and other 
executive officers, on an annual basis. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
ELC - 9 
The Enterprise Risk 
Management Office (ERMO) 
has established an entity wide 
risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks 
across Microsoft. Risk 
assessment results are 
reviewed bi-annually and risks 
that exceed acceptable 
thresholds are reported to the 
Board of Directors on behalf of 
senior management. 
• 
Inquired of the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) team on the ERM risk 
assessment process and how risks are identified and managed. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the agenda or meeting minutes to ascertain that 
the ERM risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and presented 
to the Board of Directors for review and consideration of the changes. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
 


--- Page 204 ---
 
202 
 
Section 5:  
Other Information 
Provided by Management 
of Microsoft 
 
 


--- Page 205 ---
 
203 
Section 5: Other Information Provided by 
Management of Microsoft 
The information included in section 5 of this report is presented by Microsoft to provide additional information 
to user entities and is not part of Microsoft’s description of the system. The information included here in section 
5 has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the description of the system related 
to description of the system, and, accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP expresses no opinion on it. 
User Entity Responsibilities 
The following list includes user entity responsibilities that Microsoft assumes its user entities have implemented, 
but are not required to meet the relevant applicable trust services criteria: 
• 
Customers are responsible for reporting to Azure DevOps the incidents and alerts that are specific to 
their Azure DevOps accounts.  
• 
Customers utilizing Azure Active Directory (AAD) services are responsible for implementing appropriate 
authentication mechanisms and limiting administrative access to appropriate individuals to maintain 
integrity of their Azure DevOps account. 
• 
Customers are responsible for establishing appropriate controls over the use of their Microsoft Accounts 
and passwords.  
• 
Customers are responsible for reviewing the access activities associated with their Azure DevOps 
accounts.  
• 
Customers are responsible for appropriate protection of the secrets associated with their accounts.  
• 
Customers’ administrators are responsible for the selection and use of their passwords.  
• 
Customers are responsible for ensuring that authorized users are added to their accounts.  
• 
Customers are responsible to implement logical access controls to provide reasonable assurance that 
unauthorized access to Azure DevOps projects is restricted.  
• 
Customers are responsible to assign unique IDs and secure passwords to users and customers accessing 
their Azure DevOps account.  
• 
Customers are responsible for ensuring the supervision, management and control of access to data 
stored on Azure DevOps.  
• 
Customers are responsible for managing compliance with applicable laws / regulations.  
• 
Customers are responsible for following appropriate security practices while using Azure DevOps 
features. 
• 
Customers are responsible for maintaining their own system(s) of record.  
• 
Customers are responsible for backup of their data from Azure DevOps to local storage upon Azure 
DevOps account termination.  
• 
Customers are responsible for backup of data prior to account deletion. 
• 
Customers are responsible for specifying authorization requirements for their internet-facing messaging 
end-points.  
• 
Customers are responsible for following a Secure Development Lifecycle for their applications developed 
using Azure DevOps. 
