--- Page 1 ---
 
Microsoft Corporation - Azure 
DevOps 
System and Organization Controls 
(SOC) 1 Report 
October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 
 
 
 
BE Microsoft


--- Page 2 ---
 
This report, including the description of tests of controls and results thereof in section 4 is intended solely for 
the information and use of the Service Organization, user entities of the Service Organization’s system related 
to the in-scope features during some or all of the period, and the independent auditors of such user entities, 
who have a sufficient understanding to consider it, along with other information including information about 
controls implemented by user entities themselves, when assessing the risks of material misstatements of user 
entities’ financial statements. This report is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than 
these specified parties. 
 
 


--- Page 3 ---
 
 
Table of contents 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s Report 
1 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
5 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Azure DevOps 
System 
8 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Control 
Objectives and Related Controls, and Independent Service      
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results 
35 
Section 5: Other Information Provided by Management of Microsoft 59 
 


--- Page 4 ---
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1: 
Independent Service  
Auditor’s Report 


--- Page 5 ---
 
1 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
1015 Second Avenue, 
Suite 500 
Seattle, WA 98104-1126 
Tel: +1 206 716 7000 
 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s 
Report 
 
Microsoft Corporation 
One Microsoft Way  
Redmond, WA 98052-6399 
Scope 
We have examined the description of the Azure DevOps1 system of management of Microsoft Corporation (the 
“Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) for processing user entities’ transactions throughout the period October 
1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, included in section 3, “Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Azure 
DevOps System”  (the “Description”), and the suitability of the design and the operating effectiveness of controls 
included in the Description to achieve the related control objectives stated in the Description, based on the 
criteria identified in management of Microsoft’s assertion. The controls and control objectives included in the 
Description are those that management of Microsoft believes are likely to be relevant to user entities’ internal 
control over financial reporting and the Description does not include those aspects of the Azure DevOps system 
that are not likely to be relevant to user entities’ internal control over financial reporting. 
The information in section 5, “Other Information Provided by Management of Microsoft” is presented by 
management of Microsoft to provide additional information and is not a part of management of Microsoft’s 
description of its Azure DevOps system made available to user entities during the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025. Content on the webpages directed by all the links in section 3 and information in section 
5 has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the Description of the Azure DevOps 
system and of the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls to achieve the related control 
objectives stated in the Description of the Azure DevOps system, and accordingly, we express no opinion on it. 
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) as a cloud platform and datacenter service to host its services 
(“subservice organization”). The Description in section 3 includes only the controls and related control objectives 
of Microsoft and excludes the control objectives and related controls of the subservice organization. The 
Description also indicates that certain control objectives specified by Microsoft can be achieved only if 
complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the design of the Microsoft’s controls are suitably 
designed and operating effectively, along with the related controls at Microsoft. Our examination did not extend 
to controls of the subservice organization or their functions, and we have not evaluated the suitability of the 
design or operating effectiveness of such complementary subservice organization controls. 
The Description indicates that certain control objectives specified in the Description can be achieved only if 
complementary user entity controls contemplated in the design of the Microsoft’s controls are suitably designed 
and operating effectively, along with related controls at the Microsoft. Our examination did not extend to such 
complementary user entity controls and we have not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating 
effectiveness of such complementary user entity controls. 
 
1 Azure DevOps comprises of in-scope features defined in the Report Scope and Boundary subsection in section 3 of this SOC 1 report. 
Deloitte.


--- Page 6 ---
 
2 
Service Organization’s Responsibilities 
In section 2, “Management of Microsoft’s Assertion”, management of Microsoft has provided an assertion about 
the fairness of the presentation of the Description and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness 
of the controls to achieve the related control objectives stated in the Description. Management of Microsoft is 
responsible for preparing the Description and its assertion, including the completeness, accuracy, and method 
of presentation of the Description and the assertion, providing the services covered by the Description, 
specifying the control objectives and stating them in the Description, identifying the risks that threaten the 
achievement of the control objectives, selecting the criteria stated in the assertion, and designing, implementing, 
and documenting controls that are suitably designed and operating effectively to achieve the related control 
objectives stated in the Description. 
Service Auditor’s Responsibilities 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the fairness of the presentation of the Description and on the 
suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of the controls to achieve the related control objectives 
stated in the Description, based on our examination. Our examination was conducted in accordance with 
attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) and 
International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3402, Assurance Reports on Controls at a Service 
Organization, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). Those standards 
require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether, in all material 
respects, based on the criteria in management’s assertion, the Description is fairly presented and the controls 
were suitably designed and operating effectively to achieve the related control objectives stated in the 
Description throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025. We believe that the evidence we 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
An examination of a Description of a service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and operating 
effectiveness of controls involves: 
• 
Performing procedures to obtain evidence about the fairness of the presentation of the Description and 
the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of the controls to achieve the related control 
objectives stated in the Description, based on the criteria in management’s assertion. 
• 
Assessing the risks that the Description is not fairly presented and that the controls were not suitably 
designed or operating effectively to achieve the related control objectives stated in the Description. 
• 
Testing the operating effectiveness of those controls that management considers necessary to provide 
reasonable assurance that the related control objectives stated in the Description were achieved.  
• 
Evaluating the overall presentation of the Description, suitability of the control objectives stated therein, 
and suitability of the criteria specified by the service organization in its assertion. 
Service Auditor’s Independence and Quality Control 
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of 
Professional Conduct established by the AICPA and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. We have complied with those requirements. We applied the 
Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and the International Standards on Quality 
Management issued by the IAASB and, accordingly, maintain a comprehensive system of quality control. 
 


--- Page 7 ---
 
3 
Inherent Limitations 
The Description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad range of user entities and their auditors who 
audit and report on user entities’ financial statements and therefore may not include every aspect of the system 
that each individual user entity may consider important in its own particular environment. Because of their 
nature, controls at a service organization may not prevent, or detect and correct, all misstatements in processing 
or reporting transactions. Also, the projection to the future of any evaluation of the fairness of the presentation 
of the Description, or conclusions about the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of the controls to 
achieve the related control objectives, is subject to the risk that controls at a service organization may become 
ineffective. 
Description of Tests of Controls 
The specific controls tested, and the nature, timing, and results of those tests are listed in section 4, 
“Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Control Objectives and Related Controls, and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results.” 
Opinion 
In our opinion, in all material respects, based on the criteria described in management of Microsoft’s assertion: 
a. The Description fairly presents the Azure DevOps system that was designed and implemented throughout 
the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025. 
b. The controls related to the control objectives stated in the Description were suitably designed to provide 
reasonable assurance that the control objectives would be achieved if the controls operated effectively 
throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, and subservice organization and user entities 
applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of the Service Organization’s controls throughout 
the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025. 
c. 
The controls operated effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the control objectives stated in the 
Description were achieved, throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, and if 
complementary subservice organization and user entity controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s 
controls operated effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025. 
Restricted Use  
This report, including the description of tests of controls and results in section 4, is intended solely for the 
information and use of management of Microsoft, user entities of Microsoft’s Azure DevOps system during some 
or all of the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, and their auditors who audit and report on such 
user entities’ financial statements or internal control over financial reporting and have a sufficient understanding 
to consider it, along with other information including information about controls implemented by user entities 
themselves, when assessing the risks of material misstatement of user entities’ financial statements. This report 
is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than these specified parties. 
 
 
December 1, 2025 
Delete ¢ Touche LLP


--- Page 8 ---
 
4 
 
 
 
Section 2:  
Management of Microsoft’s 
Assertion 


--- Page 9 ---
 
5 
 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s 
Assertion 
For the period October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025 
We have prepared the description of the Azure DevOps2 system of Management of Microsoft Corporation (the 
“Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) for processing user entities’ transactions throughout the period October 
1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, included in section 3, “Management of Microsoft’s Description of its Azure 
DevOps System” (the “Description”), for user entities of the system during some or all of the period October 1, 
2024 to September 30, 2025, and their auditors who audit and report on such user entities’ financial statements 
or internal control over financial reporting and have a sufficient understanding to consider it, along with other 
information, including information about controls implemented by the subservice organization and user entities 
of the system themselves, when assessing the risks of material misstatements of user entities’ financial 
statements. 
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) for platform and datacenter services (“subservice organization”). The 
Description in section 3 includes only the controls and related control objectives of Microsoft and excludes the 
control objectives and related controls of the subservice organization. The Description also indicates that certain 
control objectives specified by Microsoft can be achieved only if complementary subservice organization controls 
assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls are suitably designed and operating effectively, along with the 
related controls at Microsoft. The Description does not extend to controls of the subservice organization.  
The Description indicates that certain control objectives specified in the Description can be achieved only if 
complementary user entity controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls are suitably designed and 
operating effectively, along with related controls at Microsoft. The Description does not extend to controls of the 
user entities. 
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that:  
1. The Description fairly presents the Azure DevOps system made available to user entities of the system 
during some or all of the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, for processing their transactions 
as it relates to controls that are likely to be relevant to user entities’ internal control over financial reporting. 
The criteria we used in making this assertion were that the Description: 
a. Presents how the system made available to user entities of the system was designed and implemented 
to process relevant user entity transactions, including, if applicable:  
i. 
The types of services provided including, as appropriate, the classes of transactions processed. 
ii. 
The procedures, within both automated and manual systems, by which those services are provided, 
including, as appropriate, procedures by which transactions are initiated, authorized, recorded, 
processed, corrected as necessary, and transferred to the reports and other information prepared 
for user entities of the system. 
iii. The information used in the performance of procedures, including, if applicable, related accounting 
records, whether electronic or manual, and supporting information involved in initiating, authorizing, 
recording, processing, and reporting transactions; this includes the correction of incorrect 
 
2 Azure DevOps comprises of in-scope features defined in the Report Scope and Boundary subsection in section 3 of this SOC 1 report. 
Microsoft Corporation
Tel 425 882 8080
One Microsoft Way
Fax 425 706 7329
Redmond, WA 98052-6399
www.microsoft.com
BE Microsoft


--- Page 10 ---
 
6 
information and how information is transferred to the reports and other information prepared for 
user entities. 
iv. How the system captures and addresses significant events and conditions other than transactions. 
v. The process used to prepare reports or other information provided for user entities. 
vi. Services performed by a subservice organization, if any, including whether the carve-out method or 
the inclusive method has been used in relation to them. 
vii. The specified control objectives and controls designed to achieve those objectives including, as 
applicable, complementary user entity controls assumed in the design of the service organization’s 
controls. 
viii. Other aspects of our control environment, risk assessment process, information and communications 
(including the related business processes), control activities, and monitoring activities that are 
relevant to the services provided. 
b. Includes relevant details of changes to the service organization’s system during the period covered by the 
Description. 
c. 
Does not omit or distort information relevant to the service organization’s system, while acknowledging 
that the Description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad range of user entities of the 
system and their user auditors and may not, therefore, include every aspect of the Azure DevOps system 
that each individual user entity of the system and its user auditor may consider important in its own 
particular environment. 
2. The controls related to the control objectives stated in the Description were suitably designed and operated 
effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 to achieve those control objectives 
if the subservice organization and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design 
of Microsoft’s controls throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025. The criteria we used 
in making this assertion were that: 
a. The risks that threaten the achievement of the control objectives stated in the Description have been 
identified by management of Microsoft. 
b. The controls identified in the Description would, if operating effectively, provide reasonable assurance 
that those risks would not prevent the control objectives stated in the Description from being achieved. 
c. 
The controls were consistently applied as designed, including whether manual controls were applied by 
individuals who have the appropriate competence and authority. 


--- Page 11 ---
 
7 
 
 
Section 3: 
Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its Azure DevOps 
System 


--- Page 12 ---
 
8 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its Azure DevOps System 
Overview of Operations 
Business Description 
Azure DevOps provides a set of cloud-powered collaboration tools that work with customers’ existing Integrated 
Development Environment (IDE) or editor, to enable engineering teams to work effectively on software projects 
of diverse shapes and sizes. 
Azure 
DevOps 
supports 
many 
customers 
and 
partner 
organizations 
on 
collaborative software 
development projects by providing source control, project-tracking tools for agile teams and continuous 
integration functionality. Azure DevOps is designed to meet their security, privacy, and compliance 
requirements. 
Azure DevOps is designed to provide confidentiality, integrity, and availability of customer data. It also provides 
transparent accountability to allow customers and their agents to track administration of services. 
Applicability of Report 
The detail herein is intended to meet the common needs of a broad range of users and may not, therefore, 
include every aspect of the system that each customer may consider important. Furthermore, detail is limited 
to the controls in operation to support the features as defined in the Report Scope and Boundary described 
below. The authorized users of the system providing these features are limited to Azure DevOps personnel. 
Report Scope and Boundary 
This report covers the following Azure DevOps features including infrastructure, development, operations, and 
support for Azure DevOps: 
1. Team Foundation Service (TFS) 
a. Azure Boards 
b. Azure Repos 
c. 
Azure Pipelines 
i. 
Release Management (RM) 
2. Shared Platform Services (SPS) 
a. Account & Authorization 
b. Identity 
c. 
Licensing 
d. Profile 
e. Token 
3. Azure Test Plans 
4. Azure Artifacts 


--- Page 13 ---
 
9 
a. Packages 
b. Feeds 
c. 
Blob Storage 
5. Service Hooks (SH) 
6. Code Search 
7. GitHub Advanced Security for Azure DevOps (GhAzDo) 
 
Azure DevOps Environment 
Azure DevOps is developed and managed by the Azure DevOps team within Microsoft’s CoreAI division. The 
service is hosted on the Microsoft Azure cloud platform, which provides the underlying infrastructure and 
datacenter services. Azure DevOps is responsible for managing the application and the data that reside on this 
platform. Its operations and controls align with the same standards and processes followed across Microsoft’s 
CoreAI division.
 
Figure 1: Azure DevOps Architecture - Stacked View 
Features and Software Overview 
Azure DevOps provides a set of cloud-powered collaboration tools for teams that develop software projects. 
Azure DevOps provides features for teams to share code, track work, and ship software by complementing the 
IDE. The following diagram shows an overview of Azure DevOps features and key components. 
Azure Test
Azure Test
Azure Test
Azure Test
SQL
Azure Portal
PEITS
Azure/Blob
OD
AAD (Entra ID)
MSA
Service Bus
Redis Cache
Compute
St
Networking
‘orage
Microsoft Datacenters
[MfAzure DevOps Features
‘I Underlying Azure Services


--- Page 14 ---
 
10 
 
 
Figure 2: Azure DevOps Core Infrastructure 
• 
Team Foundation Service (TFS): TFS is a cloud-powered product offering: 
o 
Azure Boards: Azure Boards provides agile tools to plan, track and discuss work across teams. 
o 
Azure Repos: Azure Repos are cloud-hosted private Git repos and can also be used to collaborate to 
build better code with pull requests and advanced file management. 
o 
Azure Pipelines: Azure Pipelines can be used to build, test, and deploy with continuous integration and 
deployment (CI/CD) that works with any language, platform, and cloud. It can also be used to connect 
to GitHub or any other Git provider and deploy continuously. 
- 
Release Management (RM): Release Management is a DevOps solution to automate deployments as 
well as workflows, apply security policies, manage users and retain full traceability. 
• 
Shared Platform Services (SPS): SPS provides features which are not Azure DevOps-specific, such as 
account authentication and authorization, licensing services, identity, profile, and token services. 
• 
Azure Test Plans: Azure Test Plans is used to test and ship code using manual and exploratory testing 
tools. 
• 
Azure Artifacts: Azure Artifacts is a tool to create, host, and share packages, and add artifacts to CI/CD 
pipelines. 
• 
Service Hooks (SH): Service Hooks uses the Representational State Transfer (REST) Application 
Programming Interfaces (APIs) to programmatically create subscriptions and notify customer service when 
a specific event in a team project occurs. 
• 
Code Search: Code Search provides fast, flexible and accurate search across all code. 
• 
GitHub Advanced Security for Azure DevOps (GhAzDo): GhAzDo is a native security suite that fits 
directly into customers’ Azure DevOps workflow. It automatically scans for exposed secrets, checks open-
we meine ES ea
——) es Se
i
he |
comme) El
mea
CE)
Ghardo
Ee
Gl
Cl
Cll
Ge
GCE
ED
Ez
‘A
=
aa


--- Page 15 ---
 
11 
source dependencies for known vulnerabilities and suggests fixes, and performs real-time static code 
analysis so that development teams can strengthen security without slowing down productivity. 
Microsoft Azure 
The Azure DevOps production infrastructure is hosted on Azure and located in globally distributed Microsoft 
datacenters. Azure is responsible for the physical security of the datacenters, data protection, physical hardware 
asset management, and network services. These datacenters are managed, monitored, and operated by 
Microsoft operations staff delivering online services 24x7x365. Azure DevOps operates out of the Microsoft 
datacenters located in the following regions: 
• 
North America 
o 
East US 
o 
East US 2 
o 
West US 
o 
West US 2 
o 
West Central US 
o 
Central US 
o 
South Central US 
o 
North Central US 
o 
Canada Central 
• 
Europe 
o 
West Europe 
o 
North Europe 
o 
UK South 
• 
South America 
o 
Brazil South 
• 
Asia 
o 
Central India 
o 
Southeast Asia 
• 
Australia 
o 
Australia East 
Azure also maintains and manages network and platform security. Azure DevOps incorporates security practices 
at the application layer to enhance security for Azure DevOps customers. Azure and its associated controls 
implemented to satisfy the in-scope control objectives, are not in scope for this report. 
Microsoft Online Services Customer Portal and Microsoft Accounts / Organizational Accounts 
Users who have access to Azure DevOps have established authentication and authorization privileges based on 
their Microsoft Accounts (MSA), GitHub Accounts and/or Organizational Accounts. Azure DevOps customer billing 
is handled by Azure and the Microsoft Online Services Customer Portal (MOCP). MOCP and MSA or Organizational 
Accounts and GitHub Accounts and their associated authentication mechanisms are not in scope for this report. 


--- Page 16 ---
 
12 
Core Service Engineering (CSE) 
Core Services Engineering (CSE) is an internal Microsoft business unit that is responsible for activities related 
to managing and operating Microsoft’s worldwide internal technologies infrastructure, corporate and product 
information, product production and distribution, and maintenance of key internal systems. 
Azure is responsible for hosting and managing resource domains for Azure DevOps and is carved-out from the 
scope of this report. 
Azure DevOps Infrastructure 
Azure DevOps runs on the Azure Platform as a Service (PaaS) environment. Azure DevOps uploads the Azure 
DevOps application using Azure’s Management APIs. Azure handles the service management from provisioning 
to load balancing and health monitoring for continuous availability. 
Azure DevOps components are implemented as one or more Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets (VMSS) instances 
emulating the role of Application Tier (AT) or Job Agent (JA). 
1. Application Tier (Web VMSS): ATs are Azure web VMSS that interact with customers directly through 
Web browsers or other HTTP clients. 
 
2. Job Agent (Worker VMSS): JAs are Azure worker VMSS for more general use, and designed to run a 
variety of backend jobs. 
Once an application is running, Azure continues to monitor it at the infrastructure level. If the code fails, the 
role instance crashes, or the physical machine which the instance is executing on fails, Azure automatically 
starts a new instance of this role. 
Data & Storage 
Azure DevOps uses Azure SQL Database for relational storage. Azure DevOps controls its data and access to 
the data. The Azure SQL Database team handles the administrative work, such as managing the hardware 
infrastructure and automatically keeping the database and operating system software up to date. Databases are 
automatically replicated with 1 master and 3 secondary replicas to address failures. A secondary instance of the 
database is promoted to primary in case the initially designated primary instance fails. 
Azure DevOps also uses Azure Storage Service blobs, tables and queues. Azure Storage accounts have 
redundant data copies in a pair region for fault tolerance. 
Azure DevOps Supporting Infrastructure 
Deployment Boxes 
Deployment boxes are primarily used by Release Management (RM) feature to deploy Azure DevOps, as well as 
customer applications in the Azure cloud. These VMSS servers also function as utility servers for manual 
deployments, debugging, deploying new Azure DevOps instances, managing certificates, and collecting 
diagnostics information from production systems. 
Deployment boxes are infrastructure components used internally by the Azure DevOps Observability team to 
access the production environment. There is no storage of customer data within the deployment boxes. 
People 
Azure DevOps is comprised and supported by the following personnel who support in the delivery and 
management of its cloud-based services: 


--- Page 17 ---
 
13 
  
Figure 3: Azure DevOps Organization Structure 
Azure DevOps Engineering Team 
The Azure DevOps engineering teams include personnel from the development, test, and Product Management 
(PM) disciplines for designing, developing, and testing of features and for providing technical support as needed. 
The Engineering teams manage the component life-cycle as well as monitor and support their specific services 
and features. Their responsibilities include: 
• 
Deploying new features 
• 
Providing operational support for existing features (DevOps model) 
• 
Proactively addressing potential platform and service issues 
• 
Reacting to incidents and support requests 
Azure DevOps Observability Team 
The Azure DevOps Observability team is responsible for the infrastructure that provides operational and business 
data/insights to Azure DevOps and its stakeholders. Their responsibilities include: 
• 
Enabling the ability to monitor service health and investigate root cause for live site incidents 
• 
Supporting the cadence of business reporting and enabling data driven analysis 
• 
Providing guidance and enabling self-service so teams can enable telemetry and gain insights from exploring 
the resulting data 
CoreAI 
Division
Azure 
DevOps
Azure 
DevOps 
Engineering 
Azure 
DevOps 
Redmond, 
WA, USA
Azure 
DevOps 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic
Azure 
DevOps 
Raleigh NC, 
USA 
Azure 
DevOps 
Hyderabad, 
India
Azure DevOps 
Observability
Azure DevOps 
Product 
Management
Azure 
DevOps 
Security 
Privacy and 
Compliance 
(SPC)


--- Page 18 ---
 
14 
Azure DevOps Product Management Team 
The Azure DevOps Product Management (PM) team is focused on feature development for the various Azure 
DevOps features. The Security, Privacy and Compliance (SPC) team sits within the PM team and is responsible 
for developing, maintaining and monitoring the Information Security (IS) Program including the Risk Assessment 
process. As part of managing compliance adherence, the team drives compliance and security related features 
within Azure DevOps. 
The SPC team works to make Azure DevOps a secure and compliant cloud platform by building common security 
technologies, tools, processes and best practices across Azure DevOps. The SPC team is also involved in the 
review of enhancements of Azure DevOps features to facilitate security considerations during the Secure 
Development Lifecycle (SDL). This team is also responsible for: 
• 
Assisting with Secure Development Lifecycle 
 
• 
Assisting with Incident Response 
 
• 
Driving security functionality and feature development work 
 
Control Environment 
Integrity and Ethical Values 
Corporate governance at Microsoft starts with an independent Board of Directors that establishes, maintains, 
and monitors standards and policies for ethics, business practices, and compliance that span the company. 
Corporate governance at Microsoft serves several purposes: 
1. To establish and preserve management accountability to Microsoft's owners by appropriately distributing 
rights and responsibilities among Microsoft Board members, managers, and shareholders. 
2. To provide a structure through which management and the Board set and attain objectives and monitor 
performance. 
3. To strengthen and safeguard a culture of business integrity and responsible business practices. 
4. To encourage the efficient use of resources and to require accountability for stewardship of these resources. 
Further information about Microsoft’s general corporate governance is available on the Microsoft public website. 
Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct 
The Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and 
regulatory compliance. They summarize the principles and policies that guide Microsoft’s business activities and 
provide information about Microsoft’s Business Conduct and Compliance Program. The SBC was developed in 
full consideration of Sarbanes-Oxley and proposed NASDAQ listing requirements related to codes of conduct. 
Additional information about Microsoft’s SBC is available on the Microsoft public website. 
Training 
Annual SBC training is mandatory for all Microsoft employees and contingent staff. The SBC training includes 
information about Microsoft corporate policies for conducting business while conforming to applicable laws and 
regulations. It reinforces the need for employees to work with integrity and to comply with the laws of the 
countries where Microsoft operates. It also guides employees and contingent staff on how to report possible 


--- Page 19 ---
 
15 
violations and find contact information if they need to report a violation or ask questions. Microsoft also trains 
its outsourced providers to understand and comply with Microsoft’s supplier code of conduct. 
Microsoft employees are also encouraged to attend in person or virtual security training on an annual basis. The 
objective of these trainings is to educate engineers on secure design and operations that align with Microsoft’s 
security principles and strategy. These training sessions also aim to increase awareness of security threats. 
Microsoft recognizes that cyber-attacks and data breaches are real security threats that all enterprises face. 
Microsoft believes that every Microsoft employee plays a role in enhancing customer trust and protecting the 
Microsoft brand by following sound security practices. These courses are designed to help employees detect and 
prevent threats to the corporate network.  
Accountability  
All Microsoft and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in 
the Microsoft Security Policy and any applicable supporting procedures. Individuals not employed by Microsoft, 
but allowed to access, manage, or process information assets of the Azure DevOps environment are also 
accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the Security Policy and procedures. 
Commitment to Competence 
Microsoft hiring managers define job requirements prior to recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Job requirements 
include the primary responsibilities and tasks involved in the job, background skills needed to perform the job, 
and personal qualifications desired. Once the requirements are determined, managers create a job description, 
which is a profile of the job and is used to identify potential candidates. When viable candidates are identified, 
the interview process begins to evaluate candidates and make an appropriate hiring decision. 
Microsoft employees create individual core priorities that align with those of their manager, organization, and 
Microsoft, and are supported with customer-centric actions and measures so that everyone is working toward 
the same overarching vision. Core priorities are established when employees are hired, and then updated 
throughout the year during one-on-one connect meetings with their manager. The primary focus of the connect 
meetings is to assess employees’ performance against their core priorities and to agree on an updated list of 
priorities going forward. A manager uses this evaluation of an individual employee's impact, taking into 
consideration what was accomplished, how the results were achieved and the demonstration of priorities 
relevant to the role. 
Microsoft’s Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing plans for executive officer 
development and corporate succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 
Compliance and Ethics - Board of Directors and Senior Leadership  
The Compliance and Ethics designs and provides reports to the Board of Directors on compliance matters. 
Compliance and Ethics also organizes annual meetings with the Senior Leadership Team (SLT) for their 
compliance review.  
Internal Audit Department 
Microsoft has an Internal Audit (IA) function which consists solely of independent directors who report directly 
to the Audit Committee (AC) of the Board of Directors. IA has a formal charter that is reviewed by the AC and 
management. Responsibilities of IA include performing audits, reporting issues, and making recommendations 
to management and the AC. 


--- Page 20 ---
 
16 
Audit Committee  
The AC Charter and Responsibilities are published on Microsoft’s website. The AC meets privately on a quarterly 
basis with Microsoft’s external auditors and IA. The agendas for the quarterly AC meetings are found in the AC 
Responsibilities Calendar sent out with the Charter. In addition, the AC influences the company through the IA 
function. The AC reviews the scope of internal audit and assists in the process of identifying and resolving any 
issues. Lastly, the AC monitors itself by completing an annual self-evaluation. 
Risk Assessment 
Practices for Identification of Risk 
The Microsoft Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function provides management and accountability of Microsoft 
Corporate’s short- and long-term risks. ERM collaborates with Internal Audit, Financial Compliance Group, 
Operations, and Legal and Compliance groups to perform a formal risk management process. Risk assessments 
include risks in financial reporting, fraud, and compliance with laws. 
Further, Azure DevOps performs a risk assessment of each feature on a rotating semi-annual basis, including 
potential hazards such as access monitoring, broad data breach, malware attacks, and privacy. Additionally, 
Azure DevOps performs a holistic risk assessment of the platform on an annual basis. Threats are evaluated for 
impact on the security, continuity, and operations of the Azure DevOps platform. 
Internal Audit - Fraud Risks  
IA and the Financial Integrity Unit (FIU) are responsible for identifying fraud risks across Microsoft. The FIU 
performs procedures for the detection, investigation, and prevention of financial fraud impacting Microsoft 
worldwide. Fraud and abuse that is uncovered, is reported to the Disclosure Committee. The FIU provides both 
a reactive and proactive response to allegations of fraud and abuse. The FIU uses a case management system 
that is also used by the Director of Compliance to track cases and related metrics. The FIU interacts with 
Microsoft management, Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs (CELA), Human Resources (HR), Finance, 
Procurement, and others to determine specific fraud risks and responses.  
Periodic Risk Assessment  
The Microsoft Internal Audit team and other groups within the company perform a periodic risk assessment. The 
assessment is reviewed by senior management.  
IA specialization area leaders determine high-priority risks across the company, including financial reporting, 
operational business process, and systems controls. Control failures are also assessed to determine whether 
they give rise to additional risks. 
Compliance and Ethics/ Internal Audit / Risk Management - Risk Responsibility  
The responsibility for risk is distributed throughout the organization based on the individual group’s services. 
Compliance and Ethics, IA, and the ERM teams work together to represent enterprise risk management. Through 
quarterly and year-end reviews, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Corporate Controller (and respective 
groups) review the disclosures and issues that may have arisen. 
Monitoring 
Azure DevOps Security and Compliance Monitoring 
Azure DevOps maintains reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures, internal controls, 
and information security routines intended to help protect customer data against accidental loss, destruction, 
or alteration; unauthorized disclosure or access; or unlawful destruction.  


--- Page 21 ---
 
17 
Subservice Organization Monitoring 
Azure DevOps utilizes the internal subservice, Azure, which provides cloud services and datacenter hosting 
services. Azure DevOps’ management assesses the risks associated with the subservice organization and has 
implemented various management oversight and monitoring processes to ascertain that the organization 
continues to provide services in a controlled manner. These include, but are not limited to, reviewing third-party 
service auditor reports and holding discussions with subservice organization’s management. 
Compliance and Ethics - Business Conduct Hotline  
There is a confidential and anonymous Business Conduct Hotline available for employees to report issues. The 
hotline is accessible 24x7 through email, phone, fax, and mail. The individual may also send a letter or fax 
reporting the concern to Microsoft’s Director of Compliance.  
Employees are instructed that it is their duty to promptly report any concerns of suspected or known violations 
of the Code of Professional Conduct, the SBC, or other Microsoft policies or guidelines. The procedures to be 
followed for such a report are outlined in the SBC, and the Whistle Blowing Reporting Procedure and Guidelines 
in the Employee Handbook. Employees are also encouraged to communicate the issue to their manager, their 
manager’s manager, their CELA contact, their HR contact, or the Compliance Office.  
Internal Audit  
Microsoft’s IA department provides support to management across the company by independently and 
objectively assessing whether the objectives of management are adequately performed, and by facilitating 
process improvements and the adoption of business practices, policies, and controls governing worldwide 
operations.  
Information and Communication 
An annual process exists to set objectives and commitments among all executives and is rolled down to 
employees. These commitments and objectives are filtered down to team members through the annual and 
mid-year review processes. 
Internal Communication 
Responsibilities around internal controls are communicated broadly through Monthly Controller calls, All Hands 
Meetings run by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and email updates sent / conference calls held by the Financial 
Compliance Group with the Sarbanes-Oxley extended project team. Responsibilities for compliance with policies 
are outlined in the SBC training.  
Office of the CFO - Communications External to the Company 
CFO communications outside the company occur throughout the year and, where appropriate, these external 
communications include a discussion of the company’s attitude towards sound internal controls. The Office of 
the CFO is responsible for communications outside the company such as Quarterly Earnings Release, Financial 
Analyst meetings, customer visits, external conferences, and external publications. 
Data 
Customers upload data to store or process in Azure DevOps. In addition, certain types of data are provided by 
the customers or generated on the customer’s behalf to enable the use of the Azure DevOps components. 
Microsoft only uses customer data to support the provisioning of the services subscribed to by the customers in 
accordance with the Service Level Agreements. The customer-provided data is broadly classified into the 
following data types: 


--- Page 22 ---
 
18 
1. Access Control Data is data used to manage access to other types of data or functions within Azure 
DevOps. 
2. Customer Content is the data, information, and code that Microsoft internal employees, and non-Microsoft 
personnel (if present) provide to, transfer in, store in or process. 
3. End-user Identifiable Information (EUII) is data that directly identifies or could be used to identify the 
authenticated user of a Microsoft service. EUII does not extend to other personal information found in 
Customer Content. 
4. Support Data is data provided to Microsoft and generated by Microsoft as part of support activities. 
5. Feedback is data provided as part of a review or feedback for one of Microsoft’s products and services that 
includes personal data. 
6. Account Data is information about payment instruments. This type of data is not stored in the Azure 
DevOps platform. 
7. Public Personal Data is publicly available personal information that Microsoft obtains from external 
sources. 
8. End User Pseudonymous Identifiers (EUPI) are identifiers created by Microsoft tied to the user of a 
Microsoft service.  
9. Organization Identifiable Information (OII) is data that can be used to identify a particular tenant / 
Azure DevOps organization. 
10. System Metadata is data generated in the course of running the service, not linkable to a user or tenant. 
It does not contain Access Control Data, Customer Content, EUII, Support Data, Account Data, Public 
Personal Data, EUPI, or OII. 
11. Public Non-Personal Data is publicly available information that Microsoft obtains from external sources. 
It does not contain Public Personal Data. 
The following table illustrates some examples of the different data elements provided by the customer with 
respect to the in-scope Azure DevOps features. 
Azure DevOps Feature 
Data Element 
Data Type 
TFS 
Azure Boards: Work Items 
Customer Content 
Azure Boards: Work Item Attachments 
Customer Content 
Azure Repos: Source Code 
Customer Content 
Azure Pipelines: Release Definitions 
Customer Content 
Microsoft Server Names / Server IPs 
System Metadata 
SPS 
Account & Authorization: Storage Keys & Account 
Passwords 
Access Control Data 


--- Page 23 ---
 
19 
Azure DevOps Feature 
Data Element 
Data Type 
Profile: Customer Profile Data 
Customer Content 
Profile: Internet Protocol Address and Email 
Address 
End-user Identifiable 
Information (EUII) 
Token: Authentication Token Hashes 
Access Control Data 
Azure Test Plans 
Test Data and Results 
Customer Content 
Azure Artifacts 
Package Data and Feeds 
Customer Content 
Service Hooks 
Storage Keys & Account Passwords 
Access Control Data 
Code Search 
Storage Keys & Account Passwords 
Access Control Data 
Source Code Indices 
Customer Content 
GhAzDo 
Security Data Analysis, Alerts and Metadata 
Customer Content 
 
Data Ownership 
Customer data is handled and stored in accordance with the accepted standards for the service. Microsoft does 
not claim ownership over customer data or information that passes through the Azure DevOps service or that is 
hosted in its repositories. The Azure DevOps Terms and Conditions (Microsoft Product Terms) cover the 
agreement with the customers regarding data ownership. Further, customer data is accessible within agreed-
upon services in data formats compatible with providing those services. 
Applicable Data Elements 
For the purposes of this report, Microsoft has implemented controls to protect the data elements specifically 
covered under Customer Content and Access Control Data. 
Description of Control Objectives 
Security Organization  
Control Objective 1 
Controls provide reasonable assurance that information security policies are 
implemented and communicated. 
Operator Access 
Control Objective 2 
Controls provide reasonable assurance that logical access to Azure DevOps 
production infrastructure is restricted to authorized personnel. 
Data Security 


--- Page 24 ---
 
20 
Control Objective 3 
Controls provide reasonable assurance that the data and secrets associated with 
the Azure DevOps features are protected during transit and while at rest. 
Change Management 
Control Objective 4 
Control policies and procedures provide reasonable assurance that changes to the 
Azure DevOps platform are documented, authorized, and tested. 
Software Development 
Control Objective 5 
Controls provide reasonable assurance that development of new features or 
changes to existing features follow a formal SDL process and are documented, 
authorized, and tested. 
Logging and Monitoring 
Control Objective 6 
Controls provide reasonable assurance that the Azure DevOps features are 
monitored for known security vulnerabilities and potential unauthorized activity. 
Incident Management 
Control Objective 7 
Controls provide reasonable assurance that production incidents are managed in 
accordance with documented procedures for timely resolution. 
Logical Access 
Control Objective 8 
Controls provide reasonable assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
 
Security Organization - Information Security Program 
Azure DevOps has established an Information Security Program that provides documented management 
direction and support for implementing information security within the Azure DevOps environment. The design 
and implementation of applicable controls are defined based on the type of Azure DevOps feature and its 
architecture. 
The objective of the Information Security Program of Azure DevOps is to maintain Confidentiality, Integrity, and 
Availability (CIA) of information while complying with applicable legislative, regulatory, and contractual 
requirements.  
The Information Security Program consists of the following components:  
1. Policy, Standards and Procedures  
2. Risk Assessment  
3. Training and Awareness  
4. Security Implementation  
5. Review and Compliance  
6. Management Reporting  
The Information Security Program is based on the International Organization of Standards (ISO) Codes of 
Practice for information security management ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standard. Its accompanying policies and 


--- Page 25 ---
 
21 
processes provide a framework to assess risks to the Azure DevOps environment, develop mitigating 
strategies and implement security controls. In addition, team-specific Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) 
are developed to carry out specific operational tasks in the following areas:  
1. Access Control 
2. Asset Management 
3. Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery 
4. Capacity Management 
5. Cryptographic Controls 
6. Document and Records Management 
7. Exception Process 
8. Change and Release Management 
9. Incident Management 
10. Legal and Regulatory Compliance 
11. Logging and Monitoring 
12. Secure Development Lifecycle 
13. Third Party Management 
14. Vulnerability Scanning and Patch Management 
Information Security Policy 
Azure DevOps adheres to Microsoft’s Information Security Policy (MSP) that addresses security, availability and 
confidentiality for Azure DevOps. The Information Security Policy outlines high level objectives related to 
information security, defines risk management requirements and information security roles and responsibilities. 
The policy contains rules and requirements that must be adhered to in the delivery and support of Azure DevOps 
components. SOPs are developed to support the policy. The policy is communicated to employees, contractors 
and third-parties. 
The Azure DevOps Information Security Management Forum (ISMF), which is comprised of stakeholders and 
representatives from Security, Engineering, Operations as well as supporting business functions (e.g., CELA, 
and HR), reviews and provides input into the Microsoft Information Security Policy. 
The policy is reviewed and updated, as necessary, at least annually, or more frequently, in the event of a 
significant security event, or upon significant changes to the service or business model, legal requirements, 
organization or platform.  
Each management-endorsed version of the MSP and subsequent updates are distributed to relevant stakeholders 
from Azure DevOps Security and Compliance intranet site.  
 
 


--- Page 26 ---
 
22 
Training and Awareness 
Information security training and awareness is provided to Azure DevOps employees, contractors and third-
parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on applicable policies, standards and information security practices. 
Awareness training on security, availability and confidentiality of information is provided to Azure DevOps 
employees at the time of joining as part of induction. In addition, Azure DevOps staff participate in a mandatory 
security, compliance, and privacy training periodically in order to design, build, and operate secure cloud 
services. Please refer to the previous section on training for details. 
Employees receive information security training and awareness through different programs such as new 
employee orientation, computer-based training, and periodic Azure DevOps communication (e.g., compliance 
and security program updates). These include training and awareness pertaining to Azure DevOps, in the 
security, availability, confidentiality, and integrity domains. In addition, job-specific training is provided to Azure 
DevOps personnel, where appropriate. The key objectives of the information security training and awareness 
program are listed below: 
• 
The learner will be able to articulate the need to protect confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the 
Azure DevOps environment. 
• 
The learner will be able to apply basic security practices to safeguard the Azure DevOps environment and 
customer information. 
• 
The learner will understand the criticality of security, compliance and privacy in relation to customer 
expectations. 
• 
The learner will have a basic understanding of Azure DevOps’ responsibility to meet compliance and privacy 
commitments. 
• 
The learner will know where to find additional information on security, privacy, and compliance. 
Roles and Responsibilities 
Information security roles and responsibilities are defined across the different Azure DevOps functions. The 
cross-functional Azure DevOps ISMF is responsible for information security matters and they discuss, review 
and coordinate security activities across Azure DevOps. In addition, the Azure DevOps Security team facilitates 
implementation of security controls and provides security guidance to the Azure DevOps teams. The Azure 
DevOps Security, Privacy and Compliance team coordinates with representatives from CELA (legal, compliance 
requirements, secure development and privacy), HR (personnel security) and Azure (security policy 
requirements) on additional information security related activities impacting the Azure DevOps service.  
Incident Management 
Azure DevOps has implemented an incident management framework that includes defined processes, roles, 
communications, responsibilities and procedures for detection, escalation and response to incidents internally 
and to customers.  
Incident Internal Monitoring and Communication  
The Azure DevOps Observability and Engineering teams’ processes are crafted to ensure focus on service health 
and customer experience that minimizes the time to detect, respond to and mitigate impacting issues. 
Ownership for Live Site is shared across all Engineering disciplines. This results in process improvements, which 
evolve out of the direct experience, in the areas of monitoring, diagnostics, resiliency, and quality assurance. 


--- Page 27 ---
 
23 
Live Site management in Azure DevOps is broken into three distinct tracks. The first track describes that the 
events are monitored and alerted. The second track lays out the process for handling incidents. The third track 
focuses on pulling out the learnings from each incident and to drive continual improvements into service Live 
Site health. Azure DevOps has a weekly cadence for review of Live Site Incidents (LSI). 
Figure 4: Incident Management 
Incident Handling  
The Azure DevOps team uses the established incident classification, escalation and notification process for 
assessing an incident’s criticality and severity, and accordingly escalating to the appropriate groups for timely 
action. The Azure DevOps Live Site team, with assistance from additional Azure DevOps and Microsoft teams 
(e.g., Cloud + AI Security team for investigation, when necessary), documents, tracks, and coordinates 
response to incidents. Where required, incidents can also be escalated to the privacy, legal or executive 
management team(s) following established forensic procedures to support potential legal action after an 
information security incident.  
Incident Post-mortem  
Post-mortem activities are conducted for customer impacting incidents with high severity ratings (i.e., severities 
0, 1, and 2) and security incidents. The post-mortems are reviewed by the Azure DevOps Engineering team 
during monthly review meetings with Azure DevOps senior management. Incident and security post-mortem 
trends are reviewed and evaluated on a periodic basis and, where necessary, the Azure DevOps service or 
security program may be updated to incorporate improvements identified because of incidents. 
Telemetry 
• Alerts - Define health 
alerts for failure modes 
• Diagnostics - Deliver 
instrumentation data and 
operational reports 
• Troubleshooting Guides - 
Guidance for investigation 
an alert is defined by the 
feature and then refined by 
the Engineering team 
• Failure Mode Testing - 
The Observability team 
performs failure testing to 
ensure alerts fire as 
expected 
• Onboarding - The Feature 
team works with their 
Service Engineers to 
onboard new alerts to be 
sent to the 24 x7 team 
Live Site Review 
• Goal - Monthly review of 
LSI ensures that Leadership 
has visibility into live site 
health and repeat issues 
• Cadence - Incidents have 
root cause documented and 
are reviewed on a weekly 
basis 
• Audience - Azure DevOps 
Leadership and Partners 
attend to drive impact; 
Developers attend to 
provide details on service 
incidents 
• Ownership - Dev owns 
reviews for App and Deploy 
issues; Observability team 
owns reviews for Platform 
issues 
• Driving Improvements - 
Bugs and problem work 
items are logged for gaps 
(e.g., missing alerts) and 
repeat root cause 
Incident Management 
• Detection - Product alerts 
start the Live Site Incident 
(LSI) process upon 
detection of health issues 
• Triage - The 24x7 team 
receives all critical alerts 
and confirms impact using 
TFS guidance 
• Escalation - Both Dev and 
Ops have individuals in the 
on-call rotation. 
Engineering team is the 
initial escalation path. 
Engineering team calls Dev 
as needed 
• Incident Management - A 
bridge is managed by the 
Engineering team which 
engages Dev and Partners 
to troubleshoot 
• Resolution - 
Communication and service 
restoration are actively 
driven until customer 
impact is eliminated 


--- Page 28 ---
 
24 
Logical Access 
Customer Registration 
Azure DevOps customers register with Azure DevOps by setting up an account through the Azure DevOps portal 
using their Microsoft Account (MSA), an Organizational Account (Microsoft Entra ID) or GitHub credentials. Azure 
DevOps logically segregates these customer accounts to restrict unauthorized access. Microsoft Online Services 
Customer Portal (MOCP), including billing and registration, and MSA, including password management, are 
outside the scope of this system description. 
Customer Authentication 
Azure DevOps customers can log in to Azure DevOps with an MSA, an Organizational Account, or GitHub 
credentials. Once the customer is authenticated to Azure DevOps, the customer is given an OpenID cookie that 
is valid only for a stipulated period. The service forces the customer to obtain a new cookie on a periodic basis. 
OpenID tokens are used by the browser and the client to communicate with Azure DevOps. Azure DevOps’ 
extensibility model exposes APIs based on REST, SOAP, OAuth, JSON, and Service Hooks. Azure DevOps APIs 
can be accessed directly outside the browser. Azure DevOps has published a standard set of APIs with an 
ecosystem of tools and libraries on the Azure DevOps public documentation. Azure DevOps customers can 
connect to the Azure DevOps APIs using the following ways: 
• 
OAuth 2.0 Session Tokens: Customer web applications can also authenticate to REST APIs without having 
the applications request for their usernames and passwords repeatedly. Azure DevOps uses the OAuth 2.0 
protocol to authorize customer applications for users and generate access tokens. Customer applications 
use these tokens to authenticate while accessing REST APIs. 
• 
Personal Access Tokens: Applications that require Basic Authentication and non-interactive experiences 
can use Personal Access Tokens (PATs) to communicate with Azure DevOps. A PAT is an extension to OAuth 
capabilities. An authenticated user can create a PAT that then enables the user to use Basic Authentication 
without directly accessing customer credentials. In addition to capabilities of OAuth session tokens, PATs 
can also be scoped to specific Azure DevOps accounts, and can be revoked when required.  
• 
SSH authentication: Customers can connect to Git repos through SSH when the recommended Git 
Credential Managers or Personal Access Tokens cannot be used to securely connect using HTTPS 
authentication. SSH public key authentication works with a pair of generated encryption keys. 
Additionally, customers can configure settings to allow or deny access through these authentication 
mechanisms. Customer confidential data such as PATs, Session Tokens and SSH Public Key are hashed and 
stored securely. Furthermore, user sessions within the service portal expire after a stipulated period of inactivity. 
Operator Access 
Production Infrastructure Access Management 
The Microsoft Security Policy establishes the access control requirements for requesting and provisioning user 
access for accounts and services. The policy requires that access be denied by default, follow least privilege 
principle, and be granted only upon business need.  
Azure DevOps uses corporate and Azure-managed Active Directory (AD) infrastructure, wherever applicable, for 
centralized authentication and authorization to restrict access to the systems and features within the Azure 
DevOps environment.  
Domain-account management requests are routed to the designated asset owner or associated agent according 
to established account provisioning and de-provisioning processes for approval. Typically, access is controlled 
through domain security groups within the Active Directory in addition to the user’s individual accounts. User 


--- Page 29 ---
 
25 
access requests require approval by the assigned security group owner. Requests for new access are 
automatically forwarded to the security group owner for approval in the system. 
Employee status data from Microsoft HR is used to facilitate the provisioning and removal of user accounts in 
the corporate and Azure-managed Entra ID domains. Automated feeds from Microsoft HR systems provide this 
information, and account management processes prevent the creation of an account for individuals that do not 
have valid HR records. These feeds also initiate the removal of user accounts for terminated users from the 
Active Directory. Furthermore, production domain-level user accounts are disabled after a stipulated period of 
inactivity. 
Automated mechanisms are implemented to manage the appropriateness of user access to information systems. 
Policies and standards for password complexity are established and implemented for Azure DevOps personnel 
credentials.  
Production assets that are not domain-joined or that use local user accounts for authentication require 
appropriate approvals prior to being granted access. Manual, periodic reviews of individual accounts, service 
accounts and security group memberships on assets are performed to evaluate appropriateness of access to 
information systems, and remediation actions are taken, as necessary, based on the review. 
By default, on Azure DevOps Virtual Machines (VMs), user accounts are not created, and the Windows default 
administrator account is disabled. Temporary access for Azure DevOps personnel to customer data and 
applications is provisioned based on established procedures with the appropriate approvals. These temporary 
access events (i.e., request, approval, and revocation of access) are logged and tracked using an internal 
ticketing system per documented procedures. 
Access to Azure DevOps Infrastructure 
Azure DevOps maintains strict control over who has access to the Azure DevOps production environment and 
customer data. Persistent privileged access to production systems is limited to Observability team members. 
Production access to the Engineering team members is provided on a temporary basis to resolve Live Site issues. 
Access is only granted at the level of least privilege, required with a pre-defined expiry, and revoked as soon as 
the access period expires. Access requests and approvals are tracked and monitored in a separate system. 
Access points such as Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) require users to perform two-factor authentication using 
a smart card and AD domain credentials to gain access. SAW are secure hardened devices that limit access to 
specific users and whitelisted applications. Mobile devices connected to the production environment are limited 
to Secure Access Workstation (SAW) laptops and do not include phones or tablets. 
In the unlikely event where Just-in-Time (JIT) temporary access cannot be used, Azure DevOps service teams 
have the ability to access the production environment using designated break-glass accounts, which provide 
users a short-term admin-level access. Alerting and monitoring has been enabled for all break-glass accounts 
access. Upon accessing a break-glass account, an alert is generated, whereupon the service team will investigate 
and determine if the access was appropriate.  
Remote Desktop 
Production servers are configured to require users to perform two-factor authentication using a smart card and 
domain password to gain access to the Directory Services production servers using the Remote Desktop 
Connection application. Remote Desktop Connection has encryption settings enforced. 


--- Page 30 ---
 
26 
Vulnerability Management 
Logging and Monitoring 
Azure DevOps uses Azure’s agent-based monitoring infrastructure within the Azure platform to provide 
automated logging and alerting capabilities. The monitoring system detects potential unauthorized activity and 
security events such as the creation of unauthorized local users, local groups, drivers, services, or IP 
configurations. The monitoring agents are responsible for monitoring a defined set of user and administrator 
events, aggregating log events and sending the aggregated log information to a centralized log repository either 
at regular intervals or in real-time.  
Administrator, operator, and system activities performed within the Azure DevOps environment are logged and 
monitored. Azure DevOps components are configured to use Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time and the 
clocks are synchronized with the domain controller server. 
Azure DevOps uses Azure’s alerting system to provide real-time alerting through automatic generation of emails 
and alarms based on the log information captured by the monitoring infrastructure. Feature teams are 
responsible for configuring the events to be alerted. The event and warning logs are aggregated, alerts are 
generated on anomalous behavior, and appropriate actions are taken in accordance with the incident handling 
procedures described in the Incident Management section. Engineering teams manage responses to malicious 
events, including escalating to and engaging specialized support groups. Also, availability of logging and 
monitoring software is monitored by internal tools on a continuous basis, and responsible personnel is notified 
in case of any failure. Logging servers are required to authenticate over encrypted channel to access logs 
generated within the production environment. Access to logging and monitoring infrastructure is restricted to 
authorized personnel. Azure DevOps provides logging mechanisms that can be configured by customers to log 
activities and metrics. 
System Monitoring Tools  
1. Geneva Monitoring within the Microsoft Azure platform provides automated logging and alerting 
capabilities for monitoring system use and detection of potential unauthorized activity. Its primary 
capabilities include Data Collection, Data Aggregation, Data Analysis and Information Access. 
2. Azure Security Monitoring (ASM) provides logging and alerting upon detection of breaches or attempts 
to breach Azure cloud-based platform trust boundaries. Critical security event logs generated are configured 
to alert through Azure’s alerting system. ASM monitors key security parameters to identify potentially 
malicious activity on Azure nodes.  
3. Microsoft Endpoint Protection (MEP) provides guards against malware that provides security value to 
the Azure VMSS. Microsoft’s antimalware endpoint solutions are designed to run quietly in the background 
without requiring human intervention. If malware is detected, the endpoint protection agent automatically 
acts to remove the detected threat. 
4. Windows Defender guards against malware and helps improve the security of the Azure DevOps 
underlying infrastructure running VMSS running Windows Server 2016 and newer. Windows Defender can 
be configured to enable antimalware protection for the Azure DevOps virtual infrastructure. Microsoft’s 
antimalware solutions are designed to run quietly in the background without requiring human intervention. 
If malware is detected, Windows Defender automatically takes action to remove the detected threat. 
In addition, the Azure DevOps Live Site team uses third-party external monitoring services to monitor service 
health and performance. 


--- Page 31 ---
 
27 
Patch Management 
Patching of Azure VMSS 
Azure DevOps leverages Azure Shared Image Gallery to create custom VMSS images. New images are created 
on every patch Tuesday, which are used for the creation of new VMSS. Automatic OS upgrade is also enabled 
to ensure that the latest security fixes and patches are pushed to existing VMSS. 
Vulnerability Scanning 
C+AI carries out frequent internal scans of Azure DevOps’ servers to identify vulnerabilities and assess the 
effectiveness of the patch management process. The scanning reports are reviewed by appropriate personnel 
and remediation efforts are conducted in a timely manner. 
Software Development 
Secure Development 
Azure DevOps' software development practices, across each of the feature teams, are aligned with the Microsoft 
Secure Development Lifecycle (SDL) methodology established by Microsoft Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs 
(CELA). The SDL methodology introduces security and privacy control specifications during the feature / 
component design and throughout the development process, which are reviewed through designated security 
roles. Azure DevOps feature teams track and complete their SDL compliance for every major and minor release 
of Microsoft’s Azure DevOps services.  
Security testing runs in parallel with release management for Azure DevOps. This is an ongoing process. For 
each major and minor release, security bugs identified are tracked for criticality and subsequent closure. Security 
fixes are incorporated within the Azure DevOps environment.  
A designated group of security champs within the Azure DevOps feature teams provides guidance, performs 
periodic security reviews, and oversees the implementation of SDL activities into Azure DevOps software 
development projects. The SDL process specifies testing tools to check for potential security issues, such as 
input/output data validation. Exceptions identified through the process must be documented and appropriately 
reviewed for risk and approved by Security Advisors as well as the feature team management personnel. 
Issues/exceptions are evaluated based on the risk and resolved or approved prior to release.  
Authorized system changes are promoted from test, pre-production to production per the software change and 
release management process as described in the Change Management section. 
Source Code Control 
The Azure DevOps source code is stored within Azure DevOps’ internal instance repository, which provides the 
versioning system for the source code. Azure DevOps tracks the identity of the person who checks source code 
out, and what changes are made. Permission to make changes to the source code is provided by granting write 
access to the source code branches, which limits access to confined project boundaries per job responsibilities. 
In addition, source code builds are scanned for malware prior to production release. 
Access requests by Full-time Employees (FTEs) and non-FTEs to the source code repository require approval 
from the relevant project sponsor. Upon expiry, FTEs and non-FTEs need to submit request to the project 
sponsor for access renewal.  
Segregation of Duties 
Responsibilities for release management and production deployment are segregated among designated Azure 
DevOps personnel. 


--- Page 32 ---
 
28 
Change Management 
Azure DevOps uses its own DevOps tools for collaboration, automated releases, and continuous delivery for 
delivering Azure DevOps features. From continuous integration to continuous delivery, Azure DevOps creates 
automated builds and repeatable workflows to keep code quality and deploy seamlessly. Azure DevOps uses its 
own built-in version control, and build system, and integrates releasing applications to production and 
operations.  
The change management process requires changes to be submitted per a pull request which is then checked 
into a production build once secondary review and approval is obtained. The production build then undergoes 
release testing, review and deployment approval prior to being released to Azure DevOps production 
environments. 
Formal management responsibilities and procedures are in place to ensure reasonable control of changes to 
software, security or procedures. Changes are made to operational systems on a continuous basis to improve 
the systems with new features and bug-fixes with a valid business reason. Implemented changes require 
creation and retention of a “release” containing relevant information. Once released, changes are monitored for 
success; failed implementations are immediately rolled back and the change is not considered as completed 
until it is implemented and validated to operate as intended. 
The Azure DevOps Change Management process is established to plan, schedule, approve, apply, distribute, 
and track changes to the production environment through designated responsibilities with the objective of 
minimizing risk and customer impact. It further controls the integrity and reliability of the environment while 
maintaining the pace of change required for business purposes.  
Software and Infrastructure Changes 
Changes within the Azure DevOps environment are categorized into software changes and infrastructure 
changes. Changes are tracked through production deployment as a part of the release management process, 
based on the type of change. 
• 
Software and Infrastructure Changes - Software and infrastructure changes are modifications, 
enhancements and upgrades to Azure DevOps platform software and underlying infrastructure. They include 
release changes, hotfixes, emergency changes and configuration changes. Azure DevOps ships features on 
a three-week cadence. The changes are tracked and deployed using Azure DevOps Release tool. Changes 
submitted to the centralized repository are logged and can be traced to the individuals or system 
components executing them. 
All activity performed, including changes made, using a user’s break-glass account is logged and alerted. Service 
teams will review activity to ensure any changes made were appropriate. Azure DevOps has implemented tools 
to perform integrity verification checks to detect unauthorized changes to software, firmware and information. 
Segregation of Duties 
Azure DevOps reviews the progress of feature deployment at every stage of the release pipeline with full 
traceability. In the Azure DevOps model, individual engineers are responsible for ensuring changes developed 
and implemented into the business go through impact assessment, testing, and approval processes depending 
on the impact of the change. In addition, the Azure DevOps feature teams are responsible for enforcing 
segregation of duties in the Change Management process. 
Separation of Environments 
Azure DevOps has implemented segregated environments for development, test and production, to support 
segregation of duties and prevent unauthorized changes to production. Azure DevOps maintains logical and 
physical separation between the DEV (development), TEST (pre-production) and PROD (production) 


--- Page 33 ---
 
29 
environments. Virtual services run on different clusters in separate network segments. Access to TEST and PROD 
deployment boxes is restricted to authorized personnel from the Observability team. 
Deployment of software to production must meet testing criteria prior to release. Production deployments use 
approved software builds. In addition, production data is not used or copied to non-production environments. 
Test scripts and synthetic data are created for use in the development and test environments. 
Data Security 
Please refer to the Data section above for information on data classification in Azure DevOps.  
Backup of Secrets 
 
Processes are implemented for the backup of secrets. Backup of secrets is managed by the Azure team, and is 
not in scope of this report. 
Data Redundancy 
To protect data in the case of hardware or service failures, Azure Storage geo-replicates customer data between 
two locations within the same region that are hundreds of miles apart; for instance, between North and West 
Europe or between North and South United States. The exception to this is the Brazilian datacenter which is 
paired with the South-Central US datacenter. For Azure blobs, customer data is replicated three times within a 
single datacenter and is replicated asynchronously to a second datacenter hundreds of miles away. As such, 
Azure always maintains the equivalent of six (6) copies of customer data. This enables Azure DevOps to failover 
to a separate datacenter in the case of a major outage or disaster while also providing local redundancy for 
hardware failures within a datacenter. For Azure SQL Database, daily backups are maintained offsite by Azure 
to minimize data loss in the case of datacenter disasters. Backups are monitored and errors are investigated 
and followed-up on appropriately by the Azure team. Please refer to the Azure Sites - Azure Blob Storage geo-
redundancy and Azure SQL geo-redundancy for further details. 
Data Location 
Azure DevOps is available in multiple geographies across the world. By default, the location of Azure DevOps 
data is in the closest geography to the customer, but customers have the option to choose a different geography. 
If the customer wants to change the location, their organization’s data may be migrated to a different geography, 
with the assistance of Microsoft support. 
Data Segregation 
Azure DevOps assigns each customer a unique identifier as part of the initial setup process. The mapping 
between the customer unique identifier and customer data location within the partition table is in a configuration 
database hidden from each customer. Each customer’s data is segregated and partitioned within the partition 
database based on this unique identifier to ensure appropriate data segregation. 
Customer Data Deletion 
Customer data and metadata is disabled or deleted (per the direction of the customer) upon termination of their 
Azure DevOps Organization. Azure DevOps provides its customers with a “soft delete” period during which the 
organization’s data can be restored. Upon termination of this “soft delete” period, the clean-up job orchestrates 
the delete operation among the various Azure DevOps features and processes it until completion. 


--- Page 34 ---
 
30 
Data Classification  
Data (also referred to as information and assets) is classified into eleven categories, as described in the Data 
section above, based on how it is used or may be used within the Azure DevOps service.  
Azure DevOps Inter-Component Communication 
Internal communication between key Azure DevOps components where customer data is transmitted and 
involved is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL certificates are Enhanced Key Usage (EKU) - enforced 
and self-signed, except for those certificates that are used for connections from outside the network.  
Secrets Management 
Azure DevOps uses Azure Key Vault for secret management. Secrets that are used to manage and maintain the 
service, such as SSL certificates and encryption keys, are managed, stored, and transmitted securely. Access 
to these secrets requires specific permission, which is logged and recorded in a secure manner. Secrets are 
rotated on a regular cadence and can be rotated on-demand in the case of a security event or attrition. 
Cryptographic controls 
Cryptographic controls and approved algorithms are used for information protection within the Azure DevOps 
environment, and implemented based on the Azure DevOps Cryptographic Policy and Microsoft Cryptographic 
Standards. Cryptographic keys are managed throughout their lifecycle (e.g., generation, distribution, 
revocation) in accordance with established key management processes. 
System Incidents 
There was no significant system incidents identified that (a) were the result of controls that were not suitably 
designed or operating effectively to achieve one or more of the service commitments and system 
requirements or otherwise (b) resulted in a significant failure in the achievement of one or more of those 
service commitments and system requirements during the period October 1, 2024, to September 30, 2025. 
Changes to the Azure DevOps system 
During the period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025, the only change to the Azure DevOps 
system was the introduction of the new feature, GitHub Azure DevOps (GhAzDo); no other modifications 
occurred that would affect report users’ understanding of how the system is used. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
The following list includes complementary user entity controls that Azure DevOps assumes its user entities have 
implemented. User organization auditors should determine whether the user entities have established sufficient 
controls in these areas:  
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Related Control Objectives 
Customers are responsible for reporting to Azure 
DevOps the incidents and alerts that are specific to 
their Azure DevOps accounts. 
Control Objective 7: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that production incidents are managed 
in accordance with documented procedures for 
timely resolution. 


--- Page 35 ---
 
31 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Related Control Objectives 
Customers utilizing Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure 
Active Directory) services are responsible for 
implementing appropriate authentication mechanisms 
and limiting administrative access to appropriate 
individuals to maintain integrity of their Azure DevOps 
account. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers are responsible for establishing appropriate 
controls over the use of their Microsoft Accounts and 
passwords.  
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers are responsible for reviewing the access 
activities associated with their Azure DevOps accounts. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers are responsible for appropriate protection 
of the secrets associated with their accounts. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers’ administrators are responsible for the 
selection and use of their passwords. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers are responsible for ensuring that 
authorized users are added to their accounts. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers are responsible to implement logical access 
controls to provide reasonable assurance that 
unauthorized access to Azure DevOps projects is 
restricted. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers are responsible to assign unique IDs and 
secure passwords to users and customers accessing 
their Azure DevOps account. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
Customers are responsible for ensuring the 
supervision, management and control of access to 
data stored in Azure DevOps. 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable 
assurance that logical access to customer data and 
systems within Azure DevOps is restricted. 
 
External Subservice Organization and Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
The achievement of certain control objectives related to Azure DevOps’ access control, data security and 
vulnerability and patch management is dependent upon controls, known as complementary subservice 
organization controls that are performed by the subservice provider.  
Each user entity’s internal controls over financial reporting should be evaluated in conjunction with Azure 
DevOps’ controls and the related tests and results described in section 4 of this report, while considering the 
complementary subservice organization controls expected to be implemented at the subservice organization, as 


--- Page 36 ---
 
32 
described in the table, below. The scope of this report does not include control objectives and controls at the 
external subservice organization. Through the performance of the control activities described herein, including 
obtaining and evaluating the SOC 1 reports for subservice provider, Azure DevOps monitors subservice 
provider’s adherence to policies and procedures. Additionally, business process controls have been designed 
and implemented to identify exceptions to standard procedures and processing practices and to resolve them. 
Type of 
Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization Name 
Complementary 
Subservice 
Organization 
Controls 
Relevant Control Objective 
Secrets 
Management 
Microsoft Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
encryption and back up 
of secrets stored on 
Azure Key Vault 
service. 
Control Objective 3: Controls provide 
reasonable assurance that the data and 
secrets associated with the Azure DevOps 
features are protected during transit and 
while at rest. 
Backup 
Monitoring 
Microsoft Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
monitoring backups and 
handling backup errors, 
including investigating 
and following up as 
needed. 
Control Objective 3: Controls provide 
reasonable assurance that the data and 
secrets associated with the Azure DevOps 
features are protected during transit and 
while at rest. 
Backup of 
SQL 
Database  
Microsoft Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
maintaining Point in 
time Restore (PITR) 
capabilities for the 
Azure DevOps data 
stored on Azure SQL 
Databases. 
Control Objective 3: Controls provide 
reasonable assurance that the data and 
secrets associated with the Azure DevOps 
features are protected during transit and 
while at rest. 
Backup of 
Storage 
Accounts 
Microsoft Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
maintaining the backup 
of Storage Accounts. 
Control Objective 3: Controls provide 
reasonable assurance that the data and 
secrets associated with the Azure DevOps 
features are protected during transit and 
while at rest. 
Hardware 
Change 
Management 
Microsoft Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
hardware change 
management including 
commissioning and 
decommissioning. 
Control Objective 4: Control policies 
and procedures provide reasonable 
assurance that changes to the Azure 
DevOps platform are documented, 
authorized, and tested. 
Security and 
anti-malware 
logging and 
vulnerability 
scanning 
Microsoft Azure 
Azure DevOps 
leverages Azure’s 
logging and reporting 
capabilities for 
appropriate monitoring 
of security and anti-
malware events and 
vulnerability alerts.  
Control Objective 6: Controls provide 
reasonable assurance that the Azure 
DevOps features are monitored for known 
security vulnerabilities and potential 
unauthorized activity. 


--- Page 37 ---
 
33 
Type of 
Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization Name 
Complementary 
Subservice 
Organization 
Controls 
Relevant Control Objective 
Network 
Security of 
Azure 
DevOps 
Microsoft Azure 
Azure is responsible for 
maintaining controls 
over protection of the 
network environment 
and infrastructure, 
including perimeter 
firewalls and restricting 
access to network 
devices. 
Control Objective 6: Controls provide 
reasonable assurance that the Azure 
DevOps features are monitored for known 
security vulnerabilities and potential 
unauthorized activity. 
In addition to the Complementary Subservice Organization Controls listed above, Microsoft Azure is responsible 
for providing physical and environmental security to the Azure DevOps application and data hosted at Microsoft 
datacenters. 


--- Page 38 ---
 
34 
 
Section 4:  
Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of Its Control 
Objectives and Related Controls, 
and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of 
Controls and Results 


--- Page 39 ---
 
35 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s 
Description of Its Control Objectives and 
Related Controls, and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls 
and Results 
Description of testing procedures performed 
Deloitte & Touche LLP performed a variety of tests relating to the controls listed in this section throughout 
the period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. Our tests of controls were performed on 
controls as they existed during the period of October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025 and were applied 
to those controls specified by Microsoft. 
In determining the nature, timing, and extent of tests, we considered (a) the nature and frequency of the 
controls being tested, (b) the types of available evidential matter, (c) the assessed level of control risk, (d) 
the expected effectiveness of the test, and (e) our understanding of the control environment. 
In addition to the tests listed below, we ascertained through multiple inquiries with management and the 
control owners that each control activity listed below operated as described throughout the period. Tests 
performed are described below: 
Test 
Description 
Corroborative inquiry 
Conducted detailed interviews with relevant personnel to obtain 
evidence that the control was in operation during the report 
period and is accompanied by other procedures noted below 
that are necessary to corroborate the information derived from 
the inquiry. 
Observation 
Observed the performance of the control during the report 
period to evidence application of the specific control activity. 
Examination of 
documentation/inspection 
If the performance of the control is documented, inspected 
documents and reports indicating performance of the control. 
Reperformance of monitoring activities 
or manual controls 
Obtained documents used in the monitoring activity or manual 
control activity, independently reperformed the procedures, 
and compared any discrepancies identified with those identified 
by the responsible control owner. 
Reperformance of programmed 
processing 
Input test data, manually calculated expected results, and 
compared actual results of processing to expectations. 
 


--- Page 40 ---
 
36 
Testing of tools supporting control activities 
For the tools used in the performance of control activities in Section 4, we performed procedures to address 
the risks associated with their use. While these procedures were not specifically included in the test 
procedures listed in Section 4, they were completed as part of the testing to support our conclusions. 
Reliability of information produced by the Service Organization 
We performed procedures to evaluate whether the information provided by the service organization, which 
includes (a) information in response to ad hoc requests from the service auditor (e.g., population lists), and 
(b) information used in the execution of a control (e.g., exception reports or transaction reconciliations), 
was sufficiently reliable for our purposes by obtaining evidence about the accuracy and completeness of 
such information and evaluating whether the information was sufficiently precise and detailed for our 
purposes. 
Our procedures to evaluate whether this information was sufficiently reliable included procedures to address 
(a) the accuracy and completeness of source data, and (b) the creation and modification of applicable report 
logic and parameters. While these procedures were not specifically called out in the test procedures listed 
in this section, they were completed as a component of our testing to support the evaluation of whether or 
not the information is sufficiently precise and detailed for purposes of fully testing the controls identified by 
the Service Organization. 
Reporting on results of testing 
The concept of materiality is not applied when reporting the results of control tests because Deloitte & 
Touche LLP does not have the ability to determine whether an exception will be relevant to a particular user 
entity. Consequently, Deloitte & Touche LLP reports all exceptions. 


--- Page 41 ---
 
37 
Results of Testing Performed 
Security Organization 
Control Objective 1: Controls provide reasonable assurance that information security policies are implemented and communicated. 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
IS - 1 
Microsoft has documented and 
communicated a security policy 
that defines the information 
security rules and 
requirements for the Azure 
DevOps environment. 
• 
Inquired of management if a documented security policy that 
specifies the rules and requirements applicable to the Azure 
DevOps environment exists. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the security policy to ascertain that it 
addresses the applicable information security requirements. 
• 
Inspected the security policy to ascertain that it was 
published and communicated to Azure DevOps' employees 
and the relevant third parties. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IS - 2 
The security policy is reviewed 
and approved annually by 
Microsoft management. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process for 
reviewing and approving the security policy. 
• 
Obtained and inspected evidence of the annual security policy 
review performed and the associated management approvals 
to ascertain that it was reviewed annually. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IS - 3 
Management has established 
defined roles and 
responsibilities to oversee 
implementation of the 
information security policy 
across the service. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the implementation of 
the security policy requirements within Azure DevOps through 
the designation of roles and responsibilities. 
• 
Inspected relevant documentation (e.g., SOPs) to ascertain 
that roles and responsibilities for implementation of security 
policy requirements were defined and documented. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IS - 4 
An information security 
education and awareness 
program is established that 
includes policy training and 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the processes for 
awareness and training on information security for 
employees, contractors, and third-party users. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 42 ---
 
38 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
periodic security updates to 
Azure DevOps personnel. 
• 
Inspected training material to ascertain that it incorporated 
policy training and periodic security updates. 
• 
Obtained participation details for mandatory security trainings 
and ascertained that participation was tracked for Azure 
DevOps personnel. 
 


--- Page 43 ---
 
39 
Operator Access 
Control Objective 2: Controls provide reasonable assurance that logical access to Azure DevOps production infrastructure is restricted to 
authorized personnel. 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
OA - 1 
Administrative access to the 
service is controlled through 
defined interfaces that require 
authentication using AD 
credentials. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures in 
place for accessing Azure DevOps-specific administration 
tools. 
• 
For a sample of security groups, obtained and inspected 
evidence to ascertain that access to the administration tools 
was restricted through defined interfaces, authenticated 
through AD credentials, and was limited based on the job 
responsibilities. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the current listing of user accounts 
and ascertained that each user was assigned a unique user 
ID which clearly identifies the user. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 2 
Requests for new access, or 
modifications to existing 
access, are submitted and 
approved prior to provisioning 
access to employees, 
contractors, and service 
providers to specific 
applications or information 
resources. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the approvals required 
from the security group owners for accessing specific 
applications or information resources.  
• 
For a sample of security groups, inspected the use of account 
management tools to ascertain that access was 
granted/modified for to users only upon receipt of approval 
from Full-Time Employee (FTE) managers or their delegates. 
• 
For a sample of one user and security group, observed the 
enforcement of approval rule configuration to ascertain that 
access is created/obtained after the appropriate approvals. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 3 
Procedures are in place to 
disable accounts on a timely 
basis, upon the user's 
termination. 
• 
Inquired of management that procedures are established for 
disabling terminated user accounts in a timely manner. 
No exception 
noted.  
 


--- Page 44 ---
 
40 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
For a sample of terminated users within the examination 
period, obtained account disablement logs to ascertain that 
accounts were disabled timely upon termination. 
OA - 4 
Password complexity standards 
are defined and enforced for 
Azure DevOps personnel 
credentials. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the implementation of 
password standards (e.g., length, complexity and age) and 
acceptable use guidelines. 
• 
Obtained the relevant configuration files to ascertain that 
password standards were enforced. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 5 
Access privileges are reviewed 
quarterly to determine if 
access rights are 
commensurate to the user's 
job duties. Access is modified 
based on the results of the 
reviews. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process in place 
and the cadence for periodic user access reviews. 
• 
Obtained review documentation for sampled quarters to 
ascertain whether access reviews were performed per the 
defined cadence and resulting action items were completed 
by the owners/delegates of the feature. 
No exceptions 
noted.  
OA - 6 
Procedures are established for 
granting temporary access for 
personnel to customer data 
and applications upon 
appropriate approval. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures in 
place for granting and revoking temporary access for 
personnel to customer data and applications. 
• 
For a sample of temporary access requests, obtained and 
inspected temporary access logs and associated tickets to 
ascertain that temporary access was granted and approved 
per the defined process and had documented business 
justification associated with it. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 7 
Authentication over an 
encrypted Remote Desktop 
Connection is used for 
administrator access to the 
production environment. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the mechanisms in 
place for connecting remotely to the Azure DevOps 
environment. 
• 
Observed access sessions to ascertain that Remote Desktop 
Protocol (RDP) connections to the Azure DevOps environment 
were authenticated and encrypted. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 45 ---
 
41 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
OA - 8 
Alerts are generated when a 
break-glass account is used to 
access production 
environment. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures in 
place for monitoring break-glass account access to the 
production environment. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the configuration files to ascertain 
that automated mechanisms were in place to generate alerts 
when a break-glass account is used to access the production 
environment. 
• 
For various break-glass activity, observed the associated 
ticket to ascertain that an alert was generated when a break-
glass account was used to access the production 
environment. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 9 
Production domain-level user 
accounts are disabled after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
• 
Inquired of management if procedures for disabling user 
accounts that have been inactive after a stipulated period in 
the production environment are established. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the applicable configuration settings 
to ascertain that production domain accounts were disabled 
timely after their inactivity period. 
• 
For a sampled user, obtained and inspected the last login 
date and account status to ascertain that the account was 
disabled timely after the inactivity period. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
OA - 10 
Access to production resources 
requires the use of a Secure 
Admin Workstation (SAW) 
which requires MFA for access. 
SAWs are hardened and 
secured devices with restricted 
access. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process of using 
Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) machine and authentication 
using MFA for accessing production resources. 
• 
Observed the access and authentication mechanisms to 
ascertain that access to production resources required using 
Secure Admin Workstation (SAW) machine and MFA for 
authentication. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 46 ---
 
42 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
Obtained and inspected the configuration settings for SAW 
devices and ascertained that the devices are hardened and 
have restricted access. 
 
 
 
 


--- Page 47 ---
 
43 
Data Security 
Control Objective 3: Controls provide reasonable assurance that the data and secrets associated with the Azure DevOps features are 
protected during transit and while at rest. 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
DS - 1 
Cryptographic certificates, 
keys, and customer access 
keys used for communication 
between the features and 
other internal components are 
stored securely and are rotated 
on a periodic basis. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the different types of 
cryptographic certificates and keys used by the service to 
connect to internal components, and their cadence/frequency 
of rotation. 
• 
Inspected the location of the cryptographic keys, customer 
access keys, connection strings and Storage Account Keys 
(SAKs) to ascertain that they were encrypted. Additionally, 
inspected security groups having access to secrets to 
ascertain that access was strictly restricted to personnel 
having valid business justification.  
• 
Obtained the list of production secrets and for a sample of 
production secrets, obtained the last rotation date to 
ascertain that the secrets were rotated on a periodic basis.  
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 2 
Customer data communicated 
through service interfaces is 
encrypted during transmission 
over external networks. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding controls in place that 
restrict transmission of customer data using secure protocols 
through various endpoints over external networks. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that the restrictions 
were in place to prevent the use of insecure protocols for the 
transmission of customer data over external networks. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 3 
Internal communication 
between key components 
where customer data is 
transmitted/involved is secured 
using SSL or equivalent 
mechanism(s). 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the use of secure 
mechanisms such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) with mutual 
authentication for communication between internal key 
components that involve customer data. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 48 ---
 
44 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
For a sample of Azure DevOps components, performed 
inspection to ascertain the use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) 
for internal communication. 
DS - 4 
Cryptographic controls are 
used for information protection 
within the platform based on 
the Cryptographic Policy and 
Key Management procedures. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the policies and 
procedures in place for using cryptographic controls within 
the Azure DevOps environment.  
• 
Inspected a sample of releases to ascertain that 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management requirements were 
enforced. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 5 
Backups of key service 
components are performed 
regularly and stored in fault 
tolerant (isolated) facilities. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures in place 
for backing up the Azure DevOps service components. 
• 
For a sample of key service components, obtained and 
inspected configurations and logs to ascertain that 
component data was backed up and stored in fault tolerant 
(isolated) facilities. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 6 
Critical Azure DevOps 
components are designed with 
redundancy to sustain isolated 
faults and minimize disruptions 
to customer services. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the redundancy 
mechanisms in place for key components within the Azure 
DevOps platform. 
• 
For a sample of critical Azure DevOps components, performed 
inspection to ascertain that redundancies were implemented 
within the production environment to minimize the 
disruptions to customer services. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
DS - 7 
Customer data is automatically 
replicated to minimize isolated 
faults. Customers are able to 
determine geographical 
regions of the data processing 
and storage, including data 
backups. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the redundancy 
mechanisms in place to replicate customer data stored across 
Azure DevOps features. 
• 
For a sample of Azure DevOps features, observed 
configuration and replication status to ascertain that 
customer data was automatically replicated to minimize 
isolated faults. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 49 ---
 
45 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
Observed the customer portal and available options to 
ascertain that the customers are able to determine 
geographical regions of the data processing and storage, 
including data backups. 
DS - 8 
Upon termination of a 
customer account, the 
customer data is removed 
based upon the stipulated 
retention and removal 
timelines. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the policy and procedures 
in place for the retention and removal of customer data upon 
deletion of Azure DevOps account. 
• 
For a sample of terminated customer accounts, inspected 
logged database events to ascertain that data was retained or 
removed as per the stipulated retention and removal 
timelines noted in the Azure DevOps data retention and 
removal policies. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
 
 
 


--- Page 50 ---
 
46 
Change Management 
Control Objective 4: Control policies and procedures provide reasonable assurance that changes to the Azure DevOps platform are 
documented, authorized, and tested. 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
CM - 1 
Procedures for managing 
different types of changes to 
the features are documented 
and communicated. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures for 
managing various types of changes to the Azure DevOps 
environment including requirements for tracking, approval 
and testing. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the Change Management procedure 
documentation to ascertain that procedures for requesting, 
classifying, approving, and implementing changes were 
defined and communicated. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM - 2 
Secondary approval is required 
prior to all pull request check-
ins to the production build, 
enforcing segregation among 
designated personal when 
implementing changes.  
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures for 
segregation of duties for key responsibilities related to 
change implementation and approval. 
• 
Obtained and inspected policy documentation and ascertained 
that segregation of duties for key responsibilities was 
documented. 
• 
For a sample of branch policy setting, inspected the branch 
policy configuration to ascertain that responsibilities for 
approving and implementing changes to the features are 
segregated among designated personnel.  
• 
For a sample of changes implemented to production, obtained 
and inspected evidence to ascertain that approval and 
implementation of changes were segregated among 
designated personnel. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM – 3 
Key stakeholders approve prior 
to deploying release into 
production based on 
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures for approving 
changes prior to release into production. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 51 ---
 
47 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
documented change 
management procedures. 
• 
For a sample of changes implemented to production, obtained 
and inspected evidence to ascertain that changes were 
approved by key stakeholders and executed in accordance 
with documented procedures. 
CM - 4 
Software releases and 
configuration changes are 
tested based on established 
criteria prior to production 
implementation. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures for testing 
various types of changes to the Azure DevOps environment. 
• 
For a sample of changes made to production, obtained and 
inspected evidence to ascertain that documented procedures 
for testing were followed prior to deployment. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM - 5 
Implemented changes are 
reviewed for adherence to 
established procedures prior to 
closure. Changes are rolled 
back to their previous state in 
case of errors or security 
concerns. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures for 
reviewing various types of changes to the Azure DevOps 
environment prior to closure. 
• 
For a sample of changes made to production, obtained and 
inspected evidence to ascertain that changes were reviewed 
prior to closure. Further, ascertained that changes were rolled 
back to their previous state if errors or security issue 
identified during review. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
CM - 6 
Any changes to production via 
break-glass have been 
reviewed to ensure all changes 
were appropriate. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the process related to 
performing a review of changes made through break-glass 
accounts in the production environment. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the break-glass account access 
population and ascertained that there were no instances of 
break-glass account access scenarios during the examination 
period. 
Inconclusive. 
The operating 
effectiveness of 
this control 
activity was not 
tested during the 
examination 
period, as no 
instances of 
changes to 
production via 
break-glass were 
identified. 


--- Page 52 ---
 
48 
Software Development 
Control Objective 5: Controls provide reasonable assurance that development of new features or changes to existing features follow a 
formal SDL process and are documented, authorized, and tested. 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
SDL - 1 
Development of new features 
and changes to existing 
features follow a defined 
approach based on the 
Microsoft Secure Development 
Lifecycle (SDL) methodology. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the SDL methodology 
followed for the development of new features and making 
changes to existing features.  
• 
For a sample of releases, inspected SDL documentation to 
ascertain that SDL methodology was followed to incorporate 
security practices as part of the development process. 
• 
For a sample of changes, obtained and inspected evidence to 
ascertain that documented procedures for testing were 
followed prior to deployment. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 2 
Applicable operational security 
and internal control 
requirements are documented 
and approved for Azure 
DevOps. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the process to identify 
and document applicable security and internal control 
requirements as part of the SDL process. 
• 
For a sample of releases, inspected documentation to 
ascertain that security and internal control requirements were 
identified, documented, and approved based on review with 
designated security leads. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 3 
Responsibilities for production 
deployment are segregated 
within the feature teams. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the processes in place 
to segregate responsibilities for production deployment within 
the feature teams. 
• 
Obtained and inspected evidence for a sample of production 
deployments to ascertain that access to perform production 
deployments was restricted to authorized Azure DevOps 
teams. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 53 ---
 
49 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
SDL - 4 
Separate environments, 
outside of production, are 
established for the purpose of 
developing and testing 
changes. Production data is not 
replicated in test or 
development environments. 
• 
Inquired of management around separation of development, 
test, and production environments. 
• 
For a sample of services, obtained and inspected 
configuration files to ascertain that the development, test and 
production environments existed and were separate. 
• 
For a sample of services, obtained and inspected database 
configuration files to ascertain that production data is not 
replicated to the test or development environments. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 5 
Azure DevOps Services use 
code repositories for managing 
source code changes. 
Procedures are established to 
approve code changes made to 
source code repository. Code 
changes submitted to the 
repository are logged and can 
be traced to the individuals or 
system components executing 
them. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the access control 
procedures established to authorize access to code repository 
based on roles. 
• 
For a sample of services, obtained and inspected the branch 
policy settings and associated membership details to 
ascertain that source code changes are approved by 
appropriate personnel. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the master branch configuration files 
and a sample change to ascertain that the identity of the 
individual and/or system component changing the code, the 
time of the change, and changes submitted to the source 
code repository were logged. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 6 
A security review of releases is 
performed on a periodic basis 
by designated security 
personnel within Azure 
DevOps. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the procedures for 
security review of services. 
• 
For a sample of services, inspected documentation to 
ascertain that a security review was completed on a periodic 
basis as per the SDL methodology and sign-offs were 
obtained from the designated security personnel. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
SDL - 7 
Source code builds are 
scanned for malware prior to 
release to production. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures in place to 
scan source code builds for malware. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 54 ---
 
50 
Control Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
For a sample of source code builds, obtained and inspected 
evidence of scan build for malwares to ascertain that malware 
scanning was performed automatically as part of the build 
process prior to release to production. 
 
 


--- Page 55 ---
 
51 
Logging and Monitoring  
Control Objective 6: Controls provide reasonable assurance that the Azure DevOps features are monitored for known security vulnerabilities 
and potential unauthorized activity. 
Control 
Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
VM - 1 
Production and supporting 
infrastructure are configured to 
log and collect security events. 
• 
Inquired of management that security event logging is 
configured for key components within Azure DevOps platform 
components and supporting infrastructure to enable detection 
of security events. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting 
infrastructure, obtained and inspected configurations to 
ascertain that logging of security events was enabled. Also, 
obtained and inspected an automated alert and associated 
monitoring. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 2 
Administrator activity is 
logged. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the mechanisms in place 
for logging administrator activities within Azure DevOps 
platform. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting 
infrastructure, obtained and inspected configurations to 
ascertain that logging of administrator activities was enabled. 
Also, obtained and inspected an automated alert, associated 
monitoring and corresponding log of administrator activity. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 3 
A monitoring system is 
implemented on production 
and supporting infrastructure 
to monitor the service for 
potential malicious activity and 
intrusion past service trust 
boundaries. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the monitoring 
capabilities within the Azure DevOps environment to detect 
potential malicious activity and intrusions. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 56 ---
 
52 
Control 
Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting 
infrastructure, obtained and inspected configurations to 
ascertain that a monitoring system was in place to detect 
malicious activities and intrusion. Also, obtained and 
inspected an automated alert, associated monitoring and 
corresponding event log. 
VM - 4 
Procedures have been 
established to investigate and 
respond to the malicious 
events detected by the 
monitoring system for timely 
resolution. 
• 
Inquired of management if incidents and malicious events are 
detected, investigated, and resolved in a timely manner per 
documented procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected a sample of incident tickets 
pertaining to Azure DevOps to ascertain that incidents and 
malicious event were detected, investigated, and resolved in 
a timely manner. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 5 
Procedures are established to 
evaluate and implement 
Microsoft released patches to 
service components. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the patch 
management process implemented within the Azure DevOps 
environment. 
• 
For a sample of servers, obtained and inspected upgrade 
configurations or patch installation logs to ascertain whether 
patches were implemented per documented procedures. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 6 
Procedures are established to 
monitor production and 
supporting infrastructure for 
known security vulnerabilities. 
Identified security 
vulnerabilities are remediated. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures in place to 
monitor the Azure DevOps components and supporting 
infrastructure for known security vulnerabilities. 
• 
For a sample of platform components and supporting 
infrastructure, obtained and inspected configurations to 
ascertain that monitoring for known security vulnerabilities 
was enabled. Further, ascertained that identified security 
vulnerabilities were monitored for remediation. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 57 ---
 
53 
Control 
Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of Tests 
VM - 7 
The availability of the service is 
monitored through third-party 
and internal tools, and the 
status is communicated 
through a Service Dashboard. 
• 
Inquired of management regarding the procedures and tools 
for monitoring of service availability. 
• 
Inspected service dashboards and monitoring tools to ascertain 
that availability was monitored and status was communicated. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
VM - 9 
Azure DevOps provides logging 
mechanisms that can be 
configured by customers to log 
activities and metrics. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the logging 
mechanisms available to customers, and how these logging 
mechanisms can be leveraged. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that logging 
mechanisms can be configured by customers to log activities 
and track metrics. Inspected the logs available on the portal 
and ascertained that expected entries are being logged. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
 
 


--- Page 58 ---
 
54 
Incident Management 
Control Objective 7: Controls provide reasonable assurance that production incidents are managed in accordance with documented 
procedures for timely resolution. 
Control 
Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of 
Tests 
IM - 1 
An incident management 
framework is established and 
communicated with defined 
processes, roles and 
responsibilities for the 
detection, escalation and 
response of incidents. 
• 
Inquired of management that information security incidents 
are managed through designated responsibilities and 
documented procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected information security incident 
management policy documents to ascertain that roles and 
responsibilities for detection, escalation and notification to 
specialist groups during a security incident were established 
and communicated. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IM - 2 
Events, thresholds and metrics 
are defined and configured to 
detect incidents and alert the 
associated Service Operations 
team. 
• 
Inquired of management about the events, thresholds and 
metrics established to detect and facilitate alerts/notifications 
to incident management teams. 
• 
For a sample of incidents, inspected IcM tickets to ascertain 
that automated notifications were received upon occurrence 
of the configured events, thresholds and metrics. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
IM - 3 
The Service Operations team 
performs monitoring, including 
documentation, classification, 
escalation, and coordination of 
incidents per documented 
procedures. 
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures in place for 
24x7 monitoring and handling of incidents. 
• 
Identified the population of incidents (all severities) within 
the examination period and obtained and inspected a sample 
of incident tickets to ascertain that each incident was handled 
per documented procedures. 
• 
Obtained and inspected the monitoring team schedule to 
ascertain that monitoring was performed 24x7. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 59 ---
 
55 
Control 
Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of 
Tests 
IM - 4 
Incident post-mortem activities 
are conducted for high severity 
incidents impacting the service 
environment. 
• 
Inquired of management about the procedures in place for 
performing incident post-mortem and submitting formal 
management reports, for customer-impacting, high-severity 
incidents.  
• 
Inspected a sample of incidents to ascertain whether the 
service environment was impacted and for those that 
impacted the service environment, a post-mortem was 
performed and relevant sign-offs were obtained as per 
documented procedures. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
 
 
 
 


--- Page 60 ---
 
56 
Logical Access 
Control Objective 8: Controls provide reasonable assurance that logical access to customer data and systems within Azure DevOps is 
restricted. 
Control 
Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of 
Tests 
LA - 1 
External access to customer 
data stored in the service 
requires authentication. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the authentication 
methods in place to restrict external access to customer data 
stored in Azure DevOps. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that authentication was 
required to access the data stored in the service. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 2 
Customer credentials used to 
access the service meet the 
applicable password policy 
requirements. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the password policies 
established and enforced for customer credentials. 
• 
Reperformed the controls to ascertain that customer 
credentials used to access the service meet the applicable 
password polices. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 3 
Logical segregation is 
implemented to restrict 
unauthorized access to other 
customer tenants. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the controls 
implemented to enforce logical segregation between 
customer accounts. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that segregation was 
enforced between accounts, and customers can access data 
within the service only upon authorization checks. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 4 
Customer data that is 
confidential is protected while 
in storage within the service. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the mechanisms 
implemented to protect customer confidential data. 
• 
Inspected mechanisms to ascertain that customer confidential 
data was protected while in storage. 
No exceptions 
noted. 


--- Page 61 ---
 
57 
Control 
Title 
Control Activity 
Test Procedures 
Results of 
Tests 
LA - 5 
Customer-configured 
authorization settings can be 
set to further restrict 
authentication methods. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand various authorization 
settings that the customer can configure. 
• 
Reperformed the control to ascertain that access was 
restricted based on customer configured authorization 
settings. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
LA - 6 
User sessions within the 
service portal expire after a 
stipulated period of inactivity. 
• 
Inquired of management to understand the mechanisms 
implemented to enforce session timeout on Azure DevOps 
portal. 
• 
Inspected the session expiry settings in the Azure DevOps 
portal and reperformed the control to ascertain that sessions 
were configured to expire after a stipulated period of 
inactivity. 
No exceptions 
noted. 
 
 
 


--- Page 62 ---
 
58 
 
 
Section 5:  
Other Information Provided 
by Management of Microsoft 


--- Page 63 ---
 
59 
Section 5: Other Information Provided by 
Management of Microsoft 
The information included in section 5 of this report is presented by Microsoft to provide additional information 
to user entities and is not part of Microsoft’s description of the system. The information included here in section 
5 has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the description of the system related 
to description of the system, and, accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP expresses no opinion on it. 
User Entity Responsibilities 
The following list includes user entity responsibilities that Microsoft assumes its customers have implemented, 
but are not required to meet the control objectives: 
• 
Customers are responsible for reporting to Azure DevOps the incidents and alerts that are specific to 
their Azure DevOps accounts.  
• 
Customers utilizing Microsoft Entra ID services are responsible for implementing appropriate 
authentication mechanisms and limiting administrative access to appropriate individuals to maintain 
integrity of their Azure DevOps account. 
• 
Customers are responsible for establishing appropriate controls over the use of their Microsoft Accounts 
and passwords.  
• 
Customers are responsible for reviewing the access activities associated with their Azure DevOps 
accounts.  
• 
Customers are responsible for appropriate protection of the secrets associated with their accounts.  
• 
Customers’ administrators are responsible for the selection and use of their passwords.  
• 
Customers are responsible for ensuring that authorized users are added to their accounts.  
• 
Customers are responsible to implement logical access controls to provide reasonable assurance that 
unauthorized access to Azure DevOps projects is restricted.  
• 
Customers are responsible to assign unique IDs and secure passwords to users and customers accessing 
their Azure DevOps account.  
• 
Customers are responsible for ensuring the supervision, management and control of access to data 
stored on Azure DevOps.  
• 
Customers are responsible for managing compliance with applicable laws / regulations.  
• 
Customers are responsible for following appropriate security practices while using Azure DevOps 
features. 
• 
Customers are responsible for maintaining their own system(s) of record.  
• 
Customers are responsible for backup of their data from Azure DevOps to local storage upon Azure 
DevOps account termination.  
• 
Customers are responsible for backup of data prior to account deletion. 
• 
Customers are responsible for specifying authorization requirements for their internet-facing messaging 
end-points.  
• 
Customers are responsible for following a Secure Development Lifecycle for their applications developed 
using Azure DevOps. 
