--- Page 1 ---
Payment Card Industry 
Data Security Standard 
Attestation of Compliance for Report 
on Compliance – Service Providers 
Version 4.0.1 
Publication Date: August 2024 
Pci


--- Page 2 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance - Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page i 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on 
Compliance – Service Providers 
Entity Name: Microsoft Corporation dba. Nuance Communications, Inc 
Date of Report as noted in the Report on Compliance: 7/31/2025 
Date Assessment Ended: 7/2/2025 
 
 
Pci


--- Page 3 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 
Section 1:  Assessment Information 
Instructions for Submission 
This Attestation of Compliance (AOC) must be completed as a declaration of the results of the service provider’s 
assessment against the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) Requirements and Testing 
Procedures (“Assessment”). Complete all sections. The service provider is responsible for ensuring that each section 
is completed by the relevant parties, as applicable. Contact the entity(ies) to which this AOC will be submitted for 
reporting and submission procedures.  
This AOC reflects the results documented in an associated Report on Compliance (ROC). Associated ROC sections 
are noted in each AOC Part/Section below.  
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this document have the meanings set forth in the PCI DSS 
Report on Compliance Template. 
Part 1. Contact Information 
Part 1a. Assessed Entity  
(ROC Section 1.1) 
Company name: 
Microsoft Corporation 
DBA (doing business as): 
Nuance Communications, Inc. 
Company mailing address: 
5 Wayside RD, Burlington, MA 01803-4609, USA 
Company main website: 
www.nuance.com 
Company contact name: 
Umar Waheed 
Company contact title: 
Partner Security Engineer Manager 
Contact phone number: 
(781) 565-5000 
Contact e-mail address: 
umarwaheed@microsoft.com 
Part 1b. Assessor  
(ROC Section 1.1) 
Provide the following information for all assessors involved in the Assessment. If there was no assessor for a given 
assessor type, enter Not Applicable. 
PCI SSC Internal Security Assessor(s)  
ISA name(s): 
LynnMarie Panzarino 
Qualified Security Assessor  
Company name: 
Coalfire Systems, Inc.  
Company mailing address: 
330 N Wabash Ave., Suite 1430, Chicago, IL 60611 
Company website: 
https://www.Coalfire.com 
Lead Assessor name: 
Morgan Sayre 
Assessor phone number: 
+1 (877) 224-8077 
Assessor e-mail address: 
CoalfireSubmission@Coalfire.com 
Assessor certificate number: 
QSA #204-356 
 
Pci


--- Page 4 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 
Part 2. Executive Summary 
Part 2a. Scope Verification  
Services that were INCLUDED in the scope of the Assessment (select all that apply): 
Name of service(s) assessed: 
Nuance (Core Tech) Gatekeeper v1 
Nuance (Core Tech) Gatekeeper v2 
Nuance (Core Tech) Mix Runtime Services: Automatic Speech Recognition 
as a Service (ASRaaS), Dialog as a Service (DLGaaS), Fabric, Natural 
Language Understanding as a Service (NLUaaS), Nuance Recognizer as a 
Service (NRaaS), and Text to Speech as a Service (TTSaaS) 
Nuance (Core Tech) Mix Tooling 
Type of service(s) assessed: 
Hosting Provider: 
 Applications / software 
 Hardware 
 Infrastructure / Network 
 Physical space (co-location) 
 Storage 
 Web-hosting services 
 Security services 
 3-D Secure Hosting Provider 
 Multi-Tenant Service Provider 
 Other Hosting (specify): 
Managed Services: 
 Systems security services 
 IT support 
 Physical security 
 Terminal Management System 
 Other services (specify): 
 
 
Payment Processing: 
 POI / card present 
 Internet / e-commerce 
 MOTO / Call Center 
 ATM 
 Other processing (specify): 
 
 
 
 Account Management 
 Fraud and Chargeback 
 Payment Gateway/Switch 
 Back-Office Services 
 Issuer Processing 
 Prepaid Services 
 Billing Management 
 Loyalty Programs 
 Records Management 
 Clearing and Settlement 
 Merchant Services 
 Tax/Government Payments 
 Network Provider 
 Others (specify):  
Note: These categories are provided for assistance only and are not intended to limit or predetermine an entity’s 
service description. If these categories do not apply to the assessed service, complete “Others.” If it is not clear 
whether a category could apply to the assessed service, consult with the entity(ies) to which this AOC will be 
submitted.  
 
 
Pci


--- Page 5 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 
Part 2a. Scope Verification (continued)  
Services that are provided by the service provider but were NOT INCLUDED in the scope of the 
Assessment (select all that apply): 
Name of service(s) not assessed: 
Cloud Services 
Type of service(s) not assessed: 
Hosting Provider: 
 Applications / software 
 Hardware 
 Infrastructure / Network 
 Physical space (co-location) 
 Storage 
 Web-hosting services 
 Security services 
 3-D Secure Hosting Provider 
 Multi-Tenant Service Provider 
 Other Hosting (specify): 
Managed Services: 
 Systems security services 
 IT support 
 Physical security 
 Terminal Management System 
 Other services (specify): 
 
 
Payment Processing: 
 POI / card present 
 Internet / e-commerce 
 MOTO / Call Center 
 ATM 
 Other processing (specify): 
 
 
 
 Account Management 
 Fraud and Chargeback 
 Payment Gateway/Switch 
 Back-Office Services 
 Issuer Processing 
 Prepaid Services 
 Billing Management 
 Loyalty Programs 
 Records Management 
 Clearing and Settlement 
 Merchant Services 
 Tax/Government Payments 
 Network Provider 
 
 Others (specify): Non-transactional data feeds and voice recording. 
Provide a brief explanation why any checked services 
were not included in the Assessment: 
Assessed separately 
 
Pci


--- Page 6 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 
Part 2b. Description of Role with Payment Cards  
(ROC Sections 2.1 and 3.1) 
Describe how the business 
stores, processes, and/or 
transmits account data. 
The Core Tech environment receives information from the customer through 
telephony or the internet. In-house web APIs translate this information between 
audio and text (Automatic Speech Recognition as a Service (ASRaaS), Text to 
Speech as a Service (TTSaaS), Nuance Recognizer as a Service (NRaaS), 
extract customer-defined data elements from text (Natural Language 
Understanding as a Service (NLUaaS), NR, Dialog as a Service (DLGaaS), and 
verify user identities based on provided audio and text. 
 
Within the Core Tech environment, account data (PAN, expiry date, card 
security codes) may pass through the system because it is contained in audio 
or text that is processed by the system. If account data is contained in input to a 
web service API, in which all externally facing services are provided to the 
customer via telephony or internet, it may be returned to the caller in a 
response from that API. All requests to and responses from Core Tech web 
services are using HTTPS with RSA-2048 over TLS v1.2 and AES 256-bit 
encryption with SHA-256 or higher. 
 
In all examples described, the customer is responsible for their account data 
and its protection.  Nuance is not intended for transmission, processing, or 
storage of account data and informs their customers of this and the 
corresponding responsibilities.  In expectation that some customers may use 
the Nuance services for activities that involve transmitting, processing, and 
storing of their account data despite this intention, Nuance has taken 
preventative measures as described above to prevent storage. 
 
For the duration of language data processing, all data (input and output) is held 
in non-persistent memory. Spoken or typed words are returned to the client as 
text values (using encrypted transfer protocols (TLS 1.2 RSA 2048 (SHA256) or 
higher)) and this text may be converted back to audio as needed. Note that 
audio-to-text and text-to-audio translations, as well as information extraction 
and user verification, are separate services and the only forms of processing.  
 
Each service offers mechanisms for customers to flag transactions that may 
contain account data. For any such flagged transactions, no transaction content 
(audio and/or text) is stored persistently. 
 
In instances where customers are not aware of account data contained in 
transaction input (audio or text), a verification algorithm is applied at the 
perimeter prior to input and output being stored in volatile memory. The 
transaction content such as the output of the speech-to-text service is scanned 
for PAN using regular expression patterns. If a PAN is detected, the transaction 
input and output are flagged, and the PAN is truncated to only retain the last 4 
digits to prevent the storage of the full PAN data, or the PAN is removed 
entirely if its position can be determined in text. 
 
For these solutions PAN data (in the form of voice and text input) is transmitted 
externally to the in-scope environment through secure protocols: private 
Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS), VPN, HTTPS or encrypted transfer 
protocols (TLS 1.2 RSA 2048 (SHA256) or higher). 
 
The Core Tech environment provides: 
• Web services that expose REST, gRPC, and WebSocket APIs that 
Nuance customers integrate with to access functionality such as: 
o Speech-to-text (ASRaaS: audio in -> text out); 
o Text-to-speech (TTSaaS: text in -> audio out); 
Pci


--- Page 7 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 
o Natural-language-understanding - 
▪ NLUaaS: text in -> interpretation out, and 
▪ NRaaS: audio in -> interpretation out. 
o Dialog (DLGaaS: text or audio in -> state changes and text or 
audio out); 
o Voice biometrics (Gatekeeper, Media Manager: audio in -> user 
authentication out); and 
o Downloading runtime event logs for the above functionality 
(Kafka/AFSS API). 
• A browser-based developers’ portal (“Mix Tooling”) that Nuance 
customers use to create models for the web services listed above; and 
• A browser-based administrative portal (“Gatekeeper”) that Nuance 
customers use to manage voice biometrics data. 
 
The remaining data (last 4 digits of PAN and expiry date) may be stored 
persistently encrypted using AES 256-bit strength ciphers in the form of 
transaction event logs for the duration of 28 days for later retrieval by 
customers. 
 
Information flow of the in-scope environment is controlled by the customer. 
Customers may use Nuance-provided web APIs to retrieve the redacted 
transaction event logs and customers may configure callbacks into web APIs 
under their control. All outbound communications take place via the internet 
through an HTTPS connection using TLS v1.2+ and AES 256-bit encryption 
with SHA-384. 
 
Nuance does not intentionally transmit, store, or process account data for these 
services, and the applications are designed to remove/truncate PAN (based on 
agreement with the customer business) to prevent any storage of account data.  
Customers are considered responsible for their account data. 
 
Core Tech web services are not intended for explicitly managing account data 
in structured, semantically tagged formats. However, they may be used by 
Nuance customers (e.g., a bank that implements a virtual agent like Alexa or 
Siri) whose workflows include account data: 
• In text-to-speech, the Nuance customer’s application may need to turn 
account data into spoken audio - Example: Customer application sends 
text “Your new expiry date is 09/24”, Core Tech web service returns 
audio stream corresponding to this text. 
• In speech-to-text, the Nuance customer’s application may need to turn 
spoken audio into text that contains account data - Example: bank 
customer speaks “my credit card number is one two three dash four five 
six,” Nuance web service returns the text “My Credit Card number is 
123-456”. 
• In natural-language-understanding, the Nuance customer’s application 
may need to extract account data elements from unstructured text - 
Example: Customer’s application sends text “my credit card number is 
123-456 and my expiry date is 09/24”, Nuance web service may return 
“{“number”:”123-456”; “date”:”09/24”}” 
• In dialog, all the above workflows may be combined into a longer 
interaction between an end user and a virtual agent. 
• In voice biometrics, the following workflows are used - 
o Enrollment: the audio used to enroll a user in the system is stored, 
but users are not expected to speak credit card information for the 
purpose of enrollment. If account data is spoken, it is redacted from 
the audio segments as well as transcriptions if applicable. 
Pci


--- Page 8 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 
o Verification: up to several minutes of audio from the start of a 
phone conversation between a customer and a call center agent 
may be processed by Nuance web services to verify the 
customer’s identity (and detect fraudsters trying to impersonate a 
regular customer) – that audio is stored and may contain account 
data, if so, it is redacted from the audio segments as well as 
transcriptions if applicable. 
Describe how the business is 
otherwise involved in or has the 
ability to impact the security of 
its customers’ account data. 
Not Applicable.  No other business functionality or processes that Nuance is 
involved in and has the ability to impact the security of its customers’ account 
data was present within the scope of this assessment. 
Describe system components 
that could impact the security of 
account data. 
System components within the CDE that could impact 
the security of account data: 
• Servers 
• Storage 
• Network security groups 
 
Support Systems 
• Administrative Virtual Desktops 
• Multi-factor authentication 
• Access Authorization 
• Change Management 
• File Integrity Monitoring 
• Intrusion Detection Systems 
• Logging and Alerting 
• Internal Vulnerability Scanning 
• External ASV Scanning 
• Penetration Testing 
 
 
 
 
Pci


--- Page 9 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 
Part 2c. Description of Payment Card Environment 
Provide a high-level description of the 
environment covered by this Assessment. 
For example: 
• 
Connections into and out of the cardholder 
data environment (CDE). 
• 
Critical system components within the CDE, 
such as POI devices, databases, web 
servers, etc., and any other necessary 
payment components, as applicable. 
• 
System components that could impact the 
security of account data. 
The Core Tech environment receives information from the 
customer through telephony or the internet. In-house web 
APIs over HTTPS translate this information between audio 
and text (ASR, TTS, NR), extract customer-defined data 
elements from text (NLU, NR, DLG), and verify user identities 
based on provided audio and text before returning resulting 
processed output to the customer. 
 
The customer is responsible for their account data and its 
protection.  Nuance is not intended for transmission, 
processing, or storage of account data and informs their 
customers of this and the corresponding responsibilities.  In 
expectation that some customers may use the Nuance 
services for activities that involve processing account data 
despite this intention, Nuance has taken preventative 
measures as described above to prevent storage. 
 
Technologies: 
• 
Operating Systems: including Windows servers and 
client versions. 
• 
Databases: multiple vendors and versions, supporting 
service implementations in the background, and as 
services for clients themselves. 
• 
Web portals for client and service management. 
• 
Administrative Workstations: Connects the web portals 
used for the services from RDP and VPN technologies. 
• 
Vulnerability scanning: both internal vulnerability 
scanning and external vulnerability scanning, on server 
resources within the environment. 
• 
Change management: software to track and record 
approval of infrastructure and software changes. 
• 
Encryption: custom implementations, including HSM 
and Key Vault encryption services, which offer secure, 
encrypted storage for Nuance and customer secrets 
and encryption keys. 
Indicate whether the environment includes segmentation to reduce the scope of the 
Assessment.  
(Refer to the “Segmentation” section of PCI DSS for guidance on segmentation)  
 Yes    
 No 
 
Pci


--- Page 10 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 
Part 2d. In-Scope Locations/Facilities 
(ROC Section 4.6) 
List all types of physical locations/facilities (for example, corporate offices, data centers, call centers and mail 
rooms) in scope for this Assessment.  
Facility Type 
Total Number of 
Locations 
(How many locations of 
this type are in scope) 
Location(s) of Facility 
(city, country) 
Microsoft Azure Data Center 
Regions 
12 
Australia East 
Australia Southeast 
Canada Central 
Canada East 
North Europe 
West Europe 
Japan East 
Japan West 
UK South 
UK West 
East US 
West US 
 
 
Pci


--- Page 11 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 
Part 2e. PCI SSC Validated Products and Solutions 
(ROC Section 3.3) 
Does the entity use any item identified on any PCI SSC Lists of Validated Products and Solutions 0F¨?     
   
 Yes    
 No 
Provide the following information regarding each item the entity uses from PCI SSC's Lists of Validated 
Products and Solutions: 
Name of PCI SSC 
validated Product or 
Solution 
Version of 
Product or 
Solution 
PCI SSC Standard to 
which Product or 
Solution Was 
Validated 
PCI SSC Listing 
Reference 
Number 
Expiry Date of 
Listing 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
* 
For purposes of this document, ”Lists of Validated Products and Solutions” means the lists of validated products, solutions, 
and/or components, appearing on the PCI SSC website (www.pcisecuritystandards.org) (for example, 3DS Software 
Development Kits, Approved PTS Devices, Validated Payment Software,  Point to Point Encryption (P2PE) solutions, Software-
Based PIN Entry on COTS (SPoC) solutions, Contactless Payments on COTS (CPoC) solutions), and Mobile Payments on 
COTS (MPoC) products. 
 
Pci


--- Page 12 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 10 
Part 2f. Third-Party Service Providers 
(ROC Section 4.4) 
For the services being validated, does the entity have relationships with one or more third-party service providers 
that:  
• 
Store, process, or transmit account data on the entity’s behalf (for example, payment 
gateways, payment processors, payment service providers (PSPs, and off-site storage)) 
 Yes   
 No 
• 
Manage system components included in the entity’s Assessment (for example, via 
network security control services, anti-malware services, security incident and event 
management (SIEM), contact and call centers, web-hosting companies, and IaaS, PaaS, 
SaaS, and FaaS cloud providers)  
 Yes   
 No 
• 
Could impact the security of the entity’s CDE (for example, vendors providing support 
via remote access, and/or bespoke software developers). 
 Yes   
 No 
If Yes:  
Name of Service Provider: 
Description of Services Provided: 
Microsoft Azure 
Hosting, Cloud Computing and Services 
Note: Requirement 12.8 applies to all entities in this list.  
 
 
 
Pci


--- Page 13 ---
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 11 
Part 2g. Summary of Assessment (ROC Section 1.8.1) 
Indicate below all responses provided within each principal PCI DSS requirement. 
For all requirements identified as either “Not Applicable” or “Not Tested,” complete the “Justification 
for Approach” table below. 
Note: One table to be completed for each service covered by this AOC. Additional copies of this 
section are available on the PCI SSC website. 
Name of Service Assessed: 
Nuance (Core Tech) Gatekeeper v1 
Nuance (Core Tech) Gatekeeper v2 
Nuance (Core Tech) Mix Runtime Services: Automatic Speech Recognition as a Service (ASRaaS), Dialog 
as a Service (DLGaaS), Fabric, Natural Language Understanding as a Service (NLUaaS), Nuance 
Recognizer as a Service (NRaaS), and Text to Speech as a Service (TTSaaS)  
Nuance (Core Tech) Mix Tooling 
PCI DSS 
Requirement 
Requirement Finding 
More than one response may be selected for a given requirement. 
Indicate all responses that apply. 
Select If a 
Compensating 
Control(s) Was Used 
In Place 
Not Applicable 
Not Tested 
Not in Place 
Requirement 1: 
Requirement 2: 
Requirement 3: 
Requirement 4: 
Requirement 5: 
Requirement 6: 
Requirement 7: 
Requirement 8: 
Requirement 9: 
Requirement 10: 
Requirement 11: 
Requirement 12: 
Appendix A1: 
Appendix A2: 
Pci


--- Page 14 ---
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 12 
Justification for Approach 
For any Not 
Applicable 
responses, identify 
which sub-
requirements were 
not applicable and 
the reason.  
1.2.6, 2.2.5 - Not Applicable.  No insecure services, ports or protocols are in use. 
1.3.3, 2.3.1, 2.3.2, 4.2.1.2 - Not Applicable. No wireless networks are in-scope. 
1.4.4, 3.1.1, 3.1.2, 3.2.1, 3.3.1, 3.3.1.1, 3.3.1.2, 3.3.1.3, 3.3.2, 3.4.1, 3.4.2, 3.5.1, 3.5.1.1, 
3.5.1.2, 3.5.1.3, 3.6.1, 3.6.1.2, 3.6.1.3, 3.6.1.4, 3.7.1, 3.7.2, 3.7.3, 3.7.4, 3.7.5, 3.7.6, 
3.7.7, 3.7.8, 3.7.9, 4.2.2, 7.2.6, 8.2.3, 8.3.10.1, 9.4.1, 9.4.1.1, 9.4.1.2, 9.4.2, 9.4.3, 9.4.4, 
9.4.5, 9.4.5.1, 9.4.6, 9.4.7, 10.2.1.1 - Not Applicable.  No account data is stored on any 
in-scope systems components.  Secure storage and protection of account data is the 
responsibility of Nuance customers. 
3.3.3 – Not Applicable.  Nuance is not an issuer and does not support issuing services. 
6.4.1 - Not Applicable.  This requirement has been superseded by Requirement 6.4.2 
6.4.3, 11.6.1 - Not Applicable.  Payment pages are not present within this environment. 
6.5.2, 11.3.2.1, 11.3.1.3 - Not Applicable.  No significant changes occurred during the 
assessment period.  
8.2.7 - Not Applicable.  Nuance does not allow vendors to access system components 
within the in-scope environment.  
8.3.9 - Not Applicable.  Multiple authentication factors are required to access the 
environment.  
8.3.10 - Not Applicable.  This requirement has been superseded by Requirement 
8.3.10.1. 
8.6.1, 8.6.2 - Not Applicable.  No service accounts within the Nuance Core Tech 
environment that are used for interactive login 
9.5.1, 9.5.1.1, 9.5.1.2, 9.5.1.2.1, 9.5.1.3, A2.1.1, A2.1.2, A2.1.3 - Not Applicable.  POI 
devices are not present in this environment. 
10.4.2, 10.4.2.1 - Not Applicable.  All system components are considered critical.  
10.7.1 - Not Applicable.  This requirement has been superseded by Requirement 10.7.2. 
12.3.2 - Not Applicable.  Nuance does not use a customized approach to meet any PCI 
DSS requirements 
12.8.2 - Not Applicable.  Microsoft Azure is an internal service provider and not subject 
to a written contract agreement. 
For any Not Tested responses, identify which sub-
requirements were not tested and the reason. 
Not Applicable. 
Pci


--- Page 15 ---
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 13 
Section 2  Report on Compliance 
(ROC Sections 1.2 and 1.3) 
Date Assessment began: 
Note: This is the first date that evidence was gathered, or observations were made. 
3/5/2025 
Date Assessment ended: 
Note: This is the last date that evidence was gathered, or observations were made. 
7/2/2025 
Were any requirements in the ROC unable to be met due to a legal constraint? 
 Yes  
 No 
Were any testing activities performed remotely? 
 Yes  
 No 
Pci


--- Page 16 ---
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 14 
Section 3  Validation and Attestation Details 
Part 3. PCI DSS Validation (ROC Section 1.7) 
This AOC is based on results noted in the ROC dated 7/31/2025.  
Indicate below whether a full or partial PCI DSS assessment was completed: 
 Full Assessment – All requirements have been assessed and therefore no requirements were marked 
as Not Tested in the ROC.  
 Partial Assessment – One or more requirements have not been assessed and were therefore marked 
as Not Tested in the ROC. Any requirement not assessed is noted as Not Tested in Part 2g above.  
Based on the results documented in the ROC noted above, each signatory identified in any of Parts 3b-3d, 
as applicable, assert(s) the following compliance status for the entity identified in Part 2 of this document 
(select one): 
Compliant: All sections of the PCI DSS ROC are complete, and all assessed requirements are 
marked as being either In Place or Not Applicable, resulting in an overall COMPLIANT rating; thereby 
Microsoft Corporation dba. Nuance Communications, Inc has demonstrated compliance with all PCI 
DSS requirements except those noted as Not Tested above. 
Non-Compliant: Not all sections of the PCI DSS ROC are complete, or one or more requirements are 
marked as Not in Place, resulting in an overall NON-COMPLIANT rating; thereby Not Applicable has 
not demonstrated compliance with PCI DSS requirements. 
Target Date for Compliance: Not Applicable 
An entity submitting this form with a Non-Compliant status may be required to complete the Action 
Plan in Part 4 of this document. Confirm with the entity to which this AOC will be submitted before 
completing Part 4. 
Compliant but with Legal exception:  One or more assessed requirements in the ROC are marked 
as Not in Place due to a legal restriction that prevents the requirement from being met and all other 
assessed requirements are marked as being either In Place or Not Applicable, resulting in an overall 
COMPLIANT BUT WITH LEGAL EXCEPTION rating; thereby Not Applicable has demonstrated 
compliance with all PCI DSS requirements except those noted as Not Tested above or as Not in Place 
due to a legal restriction.   
This option requires additional review from the entity to which this AOC will be submitted. 
If selected, complete the following: 
Affected Requirement 
Details of how legal constraint prevents 
requirement from being met 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Pci


--- Page 17 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 15 
Part 3a. Service Provider Acknowledgement  
Signatory(s) confirms: 
(Select all that apply) 
 
The ROC was completed according to PCI DSS, Version 4.0.1 and was completed according to the 
instructions therein. 
 
All information within the above-referenced ROC and in this attestation fairly represents the results of the 
Assessment in all material respects. 
 
PCI DSS controls will be maintained at all times, as applicable to the entity’s environment. 
 
Part 3b. Service Provider Attestation 
 
 
Signature of Service Provider Executive Officer  
Date:  
Service Provider Executive Officer Name: Umar Waheed 
Title: Partner Security Engineer Manager 
 
Part 3c. Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) Acknowledgement  
If a QSA was involved or assisted with this 
Assessment, indicate the role performed: 
 QSA performed testing procedures. 
 QSA provided other assistance.  
If selected, describe all role(s) performed: Not Applicable  
 
 
 
Signature of Lead QSA  
Date:  
Lead QSA Name: Morgan Sayre 
 
Signature of Duly Authorized Officer of QSA Company  
Date:  
Duly Authorized Officer Name: Samuel Bizimungu 
QSA Company: Coalfire Systems, Inc.  
 
Part 3d. PCI SSC Internal Security Assessor (ISA) Involvement 
If an ISA(s) was involved or 
assisted with this Assessment, 
indicate the role performed: 
 ISA(s) performed testing procedures. 
 ISA(s) provided other assistance.  
If selected, describe all role(s) performed: 
• Communicated security posture to Coalfire Audit team. 
• Monitored and guided the internal security team. 
• Guide the assessment scope. 
• Reviewed and collated evidence on behalf of Nuance and provided it to the 
QSA. 
• Managed the interviews to provide evidence. 
• Worked with the QSA as part of the post interview efforts to communicate 
clarifications requested of Nuance, including the collecting of evidence. 
 
Jul 31, 2025
Jul 31, 2025
Samuel Bizimungu (Jul 31, 2025 10:55:47 CDT)
Jul 31, 2025
Pci
tip~


--- Page 18 ---
 
 
 
 
PCI DSS v4.0.1 Attestation of Compliance for Report on Compliance − Service Providers 
August 2024 
© 2006−2024 PCI Security Standards Council, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Page 16 
Part 4. Action Plan for Non-Compliant Requirements 
Only complete Part 4 upon request of the entity to which this AOC will be submitted, and only if the Assessment 
has Non-Compliant results noted in Section 3. 
If asked to complete this section, select the appropriate response for “Compliant to PCI DSS Requirements” for 
each requirement below. For any “No” responses, include the date the entity expects to be compliant with the 
requirement and provide a brief description of the actions being taken to meet the requirement.  
PCI DSS 
Requirement 
Description of Requirement 
Compliant to PCI 
DSS Requirements 
(Select One) 
Remediation Date and 
Actions  
(If “NO” selected for any 
Requirement) 
YES 
NO 
1 
Install and maintain network security 
controls  
 
 
 
2 
Apply secure configurations to all system 
components  
 
 
 
3 
Protect stored account data 
 
 
 
4 
Protect cardholder data with strong 
cryptography during transmission over 
open, public networks 
 
 
 
5 
Protect all systems and networks from 
malicious software  
 
 
 
6 
Develop and maintain secure systems and 
software 
 
 
 
7 
Restrict access to system components and 
cardholder data by business need to know 
 
 
 
8 
Identify users and authenticate access to 
system components 
 
 
 
9 
Restrict physical access to cardholder data 
 
 
 
10 
Log and monitor all access to system 
components and cardholder data 
 
 
 
11 
Test security systems and networks 
regularly 
 
 
 
12 
Support information security with 
organizational policies and programs  
 
 
 
Appendix A1 
Additional PCI DSS Requirements for Multi-
Tenant Service Providers 
 
 
 
Appendix A2 
Additional PCI DSS Requirements for 
Entities using SSL/early TLS for Card-
Present POS POI Terminal Connections 
 
 
 
Note: The PCI Security Standards Council is a global standards body that provides resources for payment security 
professionals developed collaboratively with our stakeholder community. Our materials are accepted in numerous 
compliance programs worldwide. Please check with your individual compliance accepting organization to ensure that this 
form is acceptable in their program. For more information about PCI SSC and our stakeholder community please visit: 
https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/about_us/ 
 
Pci
