Report on Nuance Communications, Inc.’s
Description of Its Dragon Medical One
and Dragon Medical SpeechKit and on the
Suitability of the Design and Operating
Effectiveness of Its Controls Relevant to
Security, Availability, and Confidentiality
Throughout the Period May 1, 2024
to April 30, 2025
SOC 2® - SOC for Service Organizations: Trust Services Criteria

Table of Contents
Section 1
Independent Service Auditor’s Report ..................................................................................................... 3

Section 2
Assertion of Nuance Communications, Inc. Management....................................................................... 8

Section 3
Nuance Communications, Inc.’s Description of Its Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit
Throughout the Period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025 ........................................................................... 11

Section 4
Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability,
and Confidentiality Categories ............................................................................................................... 30

2 / 71

Section 1
Independent Service Auditor’s Report

3 / 71

Independent Service Auditor’s Report
To: Nuance Communications, Inc. (“Nuance”)

Scope
We have examined Nuance’s accompanying description found in Section 3 titled “Nuance Communications,
Inc.’s Description of Its Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit Throughout the Period May 1,
2024 to April 30, 2025” (description) based on the criteria for a description of a service organization’s system
in DC Section 200, 2018 Description Criteria for a Description of a Service Organization's System in a SOC
2® Report (With Revised Implementation Guidance—2022), in AICPA, Description Criteria, (description
criteria) and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls stated in the description
throughout the period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Nuance’s service
commitments and system requirements were achieved based on the trust services criteria relevant to
security, availability, and confidentiality (applicable trust services criteria) set forth in TSP Section 100, 2017
Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy (With
Revised Points of Focus—2022), in AICPA, Trust Services Criteria.
Nuance uses a subservice organization to provide data center colocation services. The description
indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably designed and operating
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Nuance, to achieve Nuance’s service commitments and
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The description presents Nuance’s
controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of complementary subservice organization
controls assumed in the design of Nuance’s controls. The description does not disclose the actual controls
at the subservice organization. Our examination did not include the services provided by the subservice
organization, and we have not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of such
complementary subservice organization controls.
Nuance uses Microsoft Azure to provide a wide variety of services including HR functions and vendor
management services. The description indicates that complementary corporate-level controls of Microsoft
Azure that are suitably designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Nuance, to
achieve Nuance’s service commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services
criteria. The description presents Nuance’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of
complementary corporate-level controls assumed in the design of Nuance’s controls. The description does
not disclose the actual controls at Microsoft Azure. Our examination did not include the services provided
by Microsoft Azure, and we have not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of
such complementary corporate-level controls.

Service Organization’s Responsibilities
Nuance is responsible for its service commitments and system requirements and for designing,
implementing, and operating effective controls within the system to provide reasonable assurance that
Nuance’s service commitments and system requirements were achieved. In Section 2, Nuance has
provided the accompanying assertion titled “Assertion of Nuance Communications, Inc. Management”
(assertion) about the description and the suitability of design and operating effectiveness of controls stated
therein. Nuance is also responsible for preparing the description and assertion, including the completeness,
accuracy, and method of presentation of the description and assertion; providing the services covered by
the description; selecting the applicable trust services criteria and stating the related controls in the

877.224.8077 | info@coalfirecontrols.com | CoalfireControls.com

4 / 71

description; and identifying the risks that threaten the achievement of the service organization’s service
commitments and system requirements.

Service Auditor’s Responsibilities
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the description and on the suitability of design and operating
effectiveness of controls stated in the description based on our examination. Our examination was
conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform our examination to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether, in all material respects, the description is presented in accordance with the
description criteria and the controls stated therein were suitably designed and operated effectively to
provide reasonable assurance that the service organization's service commitments and system
requirements were achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria. We believe that the evidence
we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant
ethical requirements relating to the examination engagement.
An examination of a description of a service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and
operating effectiveness of controls involves—


Obtaining an understanding of the system and the service organization's service commitments and
system requirements.



Assessing the risks that the description is not presented in accordance with the description criteria
and that controls were not suitably designed or did not operate effectively.



Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether the description is presented in
accordance with the description criteria.



Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether controls stated in the description were
suitably designed to provide reasonable assurance that the service organization achieved its
service commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria.



Testing the operating effectiveness of controls stated in the description to provide reasonable
assurance that the service organization achieved its service commitments and system
requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria.



Evaluating the overall presentation of the description.

Our examination also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances.

Inherent Limitations
The description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad range of report users and may not,
therefore, include every aspect of the system that individual report users may consider important to meet
their informational needs. There are inherent limitations in any system of internal control, including the
possibility of human error and the circumvention of controls. Because of their nature, controls may not
always operate effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the service organization’s service
commitments and system requirements are achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria. Also,
the projection to the future of any conclusions about the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness
of controls is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

877.224.8077 | info@coalfirecontrols.com | CoalfireControls.com

5 / 71

Description of Tests of Controls
The specific controls we tested and the nature, timing, and results of those tests are listed in Section 4,
“Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and
Confidentiality Categories” of this report.

Opinion
In our opinion, in all material respects—
a. The description presents Nuance’s Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit that were
designed and implemented throughout the period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025, in accordance
with the description criteria.
b. The controls stated in the description were suitably designed throughout the period May 1, 2024 to
April 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Nuance’s service commitments and system
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls
operated effectively throughout that period, and if Microsoft Azure and the subservice organization
applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Nuance’s controls throughout that
period.
c.

The controls stated in the description operated effectively throughout the period May 1, 2024 to
April 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Nuance’s service commitments and system
requirements were achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if complementary
corporate-level controls and complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the
design of Nuance’s controls operated effectively throughout that period.

Restricted Use
This report, including the description of tests of controls and results thereof in Section 4, is intended solely
for the information and use of Nuance, user entities of Nuance’s Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical
SpeechKit during some or all of the period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025, business partners of Nuance
subject to risks arising from interactions with the Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit,
practitioners providing services to such user entities and business partners, prospective user entities and
business partners, and regulators who have sufficient knowledge and understanding of the following:


The nature of the service provided by the service organization.



How the service organization's system interacts with user entities, business partners, the
subservice organization, and other parties.



Internal control and its limitations.



Complementary corporate-level controls and complementary subservice organization controls and
how those controls interact with the controls at the service organization to achieve the service
organization's service commitments and system requirements.



User entity responsibilities and how they may affect the user entity's ability to effectively use the
service organization's services.



The applicable trust services criteria.



The risks that may threaten the achievement of the service organization’s service commitments
and system requirements and how controls address those risks.

877.224.8077 | info@coalfirecontrols.com | CoalfireControls.com

6 / 71

This report should only be used in conjunction with the service organization controls report covering the
description of Microsoft Azure addressing corporate functions. This report is not intended to be, and should
not be, used by anyone other than these specified parties.
If a report recipient is not a specified party as defined above and has obtained this report, or has access to
it, use of this report is the non-specified user’s sole responsibility and at the non-specified user’s sole and
exclusive risk. Non-specified users may not rely on this report and do not acquire any rights against Coalfire
Controls, LLC as a result of such access. Further, Coalfire Controls, LLC does not assume any duties or
obligations to any non-specified user who obtains this report and/or has access to it.

Greenwood Village, Colorado
June 27, 2025

877.224.8077 | info@coalfirecontrols.com | CoalfireControls.com

7 / 71

Section 2
Assertion of Nuance Communications, Inc.
Management

8 / 71

Assertion of Nuance Communications, Inc. (“Nuance”) Management
We have prepared the accompanying description titled “Nuance Communications, Inc.’s Description of Its
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit Throughout the Period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025”
(description) based on the criteria for a description of a service organization’s system in DC Section 200,
2018 Description Criteria for a Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® Report (With
Revised Implementation Guidance—2022), in AICPA, Description Criteria (description criteria). The
description is intended to provide report users with information about the Dragon Medical One and Dragon
Medical SpeechKit that may be useful when assessing the risks arising from interactions with Nuance’s
system, particularly information about system controls that Nuance has designed, implemented and
operated to provide reasonable assurance that its service commitments and system requirements were
achieved based on the trust services criteria relevant to security, availability, and confidentiality (applicable
trust services criteria) set forth in TSP Section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability,
Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy (With Revised Points of Focus—2022), in AICPA, Trust
Services Criteria.
Nuance uses a subservice organization for data center colocation services. The description indicates that
complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably designed and operating effectively are
necessary, along with controls at Nuance, to achieve Nuance’s service commitments and system
requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The description presents Nuance’s controls,
the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of complementary subservice organization controls
assumed in the design of Nuance’s controls. The description does not disclose the actual controls at the
subservice organization.
Nuance uses Microsoft Azure for a wide variety of services including HR functions and vendor management
services. The description indicates that complementary corporate-level controls of Microsoft Azure that are
suitably designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Nuance, to achieve
Nuance’s service commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria.
The description presents Nuance’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of
complementary corporate-level controls assumed in the design of Nuance’s controls. The description does
not disclose the actual controls at Microsoft Azure.
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that:
a. The description presents Nuance’s Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit that were
designed and implemented throughout the period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025, in accordance
with the description criteria.
b. The controls stated in the description were suitably designed throughout the period May 1, 2024 to
April 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Nuance’s service commitments and system
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls
operated effectively throughout that period, and if Microsoft Azure and the subservice organization
applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Nuance’s controls throughout that
period.

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

9 / 71

c.

The controls stated in the description operated effectively throughout the period May 1, 2024 to
April 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Nuance’s service commitments and system
requirements were achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if complementary
corporate-level controls and complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the
design of Nuance’s controls operated effectively throughout that period.

Nuance Communications, Inc.

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

10 / 71

Section 3
Nuance Communications, Inc.’s
Description of Its Dragon Medical One and
Dragon Medical SpeechKit Throughout the
Period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025

11 / 71

Type of Services Provided
Nuance Communications, Inc., a Microsoft company, is a provider of voice and language solutions for
businesses and consumers around the world. Nuance Healthcare creates clinical understanding solutions
that drive smart, efficient decisions across healthcare. Numerous Physicians and healthcare facilities
worldwide leverage Nuance Healthcare’s voice-enabled clinical documentation and analytics solutions to
support the physician in any clinical workflow and on any device.

Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit are a secure, cloud-based speech recognition solution
that allows clinicians to document the complete patient story using voice while allowing healthcare
organizations to easily deploy medical speech recognition across their enterprise.
Highly scalable and ready-to-use, Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit provide cloudbased clinical speech recognition across an existing infrastructure of Windows-based devices, including
virtualized and remote-access PCs. The lightweight Windows client application downloads and installs in
minutes and provides a secure connection to the Nuance cloud. It delivers cross-channel access to user
voice profiles, real-time speech-to-text and the latest medical dictionary, terms, phrases, and clinical
formatting rules to ensure a fast and accurate speech recognition experience. Additional features include
specialty-specific medical language models, automated user accent detection and gain control, custom
vocabularies and templates, and voice-based correction.
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit can be installed on any clinical workstation or laptop
in just minutes without the need for complex configurations. Once installed, clinicians simply open the
application from the Windows Start menu, place the cursor where they want speech-recognized text to
appear, and start dictating into any clinical, or non-clinical, Windows-based application (e.g., EHR, Microsoft
Outlook, and Microsoft Word). Standard preferred dictation hardware, such as the PowerMic III, is plugand-play, but other hardware is also supported. Zero voice profile training, automatic accent detection, and
profiles that continue to adapt and improve over time, ensure an optimal clinician experience from the start.
Dragon Medical SpeechKit - is a series of SDKs provided by Nuance to add cloud-based, real-time speech
recognition to your desktop or mobile app.
The system description in this section of the report details the Dragon Medical One and the Dragon Medical
SpeechKit. Any other Company services are not within the scope of this report. The accompanying
description includes only the policies, procedures, and control activities at the Company and does not
include the policies, procedures, and control activities at any subservice organizations (see below for further
discussion of the subservice organization).

Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical
SpeechKit Principal Service Commitments and
System Requirements
Commitments are declarations made by management to customers regarding the performance of the
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit. Commitments are communicated within Master
Hosted Service Agreements and Hosted Services Orders.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

12 / 71

System requirements are specifications regarding how Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit
should function to meet the Company’s principal commitments to user entities. System requirements are
specified in the Company’s policies and procedures.
The Company’s principal service commitments and system requirements related to Dragon Medical One
and Dragon Medical SpeechKit include the following:
Trust Services
Category

Service Commitments

System Requirements

Security

 Nuance will provide 24/7 monitoring and
maintenance 365 days a year through the Service
Reliability Center (SRC).
 Nuance will perform platform maintenance
(scheduled and emergency) and upgrades via SRC
personnel.
 Nuance will provide incident management support
and track incidents in a web-based ticket tracking
system.
 Nuance will notify a specific customer of any incident
that affects their data.
 Nuance will notify customers of any known events
based on the applicable severity level.

 Logical access standards
 Physical access standards
 Employee provisioning and
deprovisioning standards
 Access reviews
 Encryption standards
 Intrusion detection and
prevention standards
 Risk and vulnerability
management standards
 Configuration management
 Incident handling standards
 Change management standards
 Vendor management

Availability

 Nuance will use commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain operational system uptime.
 Nuance will provide redundancy for network
components and servers to ensure the high
availability of the hosted services.
 Nuance will maintain application and infrastructure
hosting in at least two geographically redundant data
center locations spanning multiple power grids.
 Nuance will use commercially reasonable efforts to
manage capacity requirements based on customer
capacity forecasts provided to Nuance.
 Nuance will perform maintenance to keep the hosted
services’ infrastructure in optimal working order.

 System monitoring
 Backup and recovery standards
 Physical and environmental
protections

Confidentiality

 Nuance will only permit the disclosure of confidential
information if such disclosure is in response to an
order of a court or other governmental body or
otherwise required by law.
 Nuance will not use confidential information for
purposes other than in the regular course of
providing services.
 Nuance will return or destroy all confidential
information in tangible form upon written request or
upon the expiration or termination of the service.
 Nuance will use the same degree of care, but no
less than a reasonable degree of care, to prevent
the unauthorized use, disclosure, or publication of
confidential information to third parties as it uses to
protect its own confidential information.

 Data classification
 Retention and destruction
standards
 Data handling standards
 Internal confidentiality standards
 Information sharing standards

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

13 / 71

The Components of the System Used to
Provide the Services
The boundaries of Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit are the specific aspects of the
Company’s infrastructure, software, people, procedures, and data necessary to provide its services and
that directly support the services provided to customers. Any infrastructure, software, people, procedures,
and data that indirectly support the services provided to customers are not included within the boundaries
of Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit.
The components that directly support the services provided to customers are described in the subsections
below.

Infrastructure
Nuance utilizes Microsoft Azure to provide the resources to host Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical
SpeechKit. Nuance leverages the experience and resources of Microsoft Azure to scale quickly and
securely as necessary to meet current and future demand. However, Nuance is responsible for designing
and configuring the Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit architecture within Microsoft Azure
to ensure the availability, security, and resiliency requirements are met.
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit are supported by active instances at three Microsoft
Azure cloud computing data centers providing highly scalable, responsive, and available environments.
Customer transactions are dispatched to one of five data centers, West US, North Central US, East US,
Berlin Germany, or Frankfurt Germany by Azure traffic management, and traffic loads are balanced across
components within each center.
The in-scope hosted infrastructure also consists of multiple supporting tools, as shown in the table below:
Data Hosting
Provider
Microsoft Azure

Business Function
Data center facility

Infrastructure
Production Tool

Business Function

Operating System

Hosted Location

Microsoft Azure Management
Console

Allows system administrators to
manage and maintain in-scope
servers, DBs, and services.

Linux RHEL
Windows OS

Microsoft Azure
Cloud PaaS

Production servers

Linux and Windows servers
supporting the in-scope systems.

Linux RHEL
Windows OS

Microsoft Azure
Cloud PaaS

Azure SQL

DBs supporting the logic of the inscope systems.

Linux RHEL
Windows OS

Microsoft Azure
Cloud PaaS

Virtual private network (VPN)

Provides remote access to the inscope systems with multifactor
authentication.

Linux RHEL
Windows OS

Microsoft Azure
Cloud PaaS

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

14 / 71

Software
Software consists of the programs and software that support Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical
SpeechKit (operating systems [OSs], middleware, and utilities). The list of software and ancillary software
used to build, support, secure, maintain, and monitor Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit
include the following applications, as shown in the table below:
Software
Production Application

Business Function

Prometheus, Grafana, and Azure Monitor

System monitoring

Nuance Management Server

Backup and replication

Microsoft Sentinel

Security information and event management (SIEM),
logging system

Azure Monitor and Prometheus

Infrastructure monitoring

WSUS & RHEL Repos

Patch management

WSUS & RHEL Repos

File integrity monitoring

MDE / Windows Defender

Antivirus

MDE / Windows Defender

Intrusion detection and prevention

ServiceNow

Ticketing system

Ansible

Configuration management

Kafka and DataBricks

Logging

People
Nuance develops, manages, and secures Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit via separate
departments. The responsibilities of these departments are defined in the following table:
People
Group/Role Name

Function

Executive Management

Responsible for overseeing company-wide activities, establishing and accomplishing
goals, and managing objectives.

Engineering

Responsible for the development, testing, deployment, and maintenance of new code
for Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit.

Information Security
(InfoSec)

Responsible for managing access controls and the security of the production
environment.

Product Management

Responsible for overseeing the product life cycle, including adding new product
functionality.

Human Resources (HR)

Responsible for onboarding new personnel, defining the roles and positions of new
hires, performing background checks, and facilitating the employee termination
process.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

15 / 71

People
Group/Role Name

Function

Technical Support
Team

Responsible for working directly with customers.

Site Reliability
Engineering (SRE)

Responsible for monitoring of the systems.

Procedures
Procedures include the automated and manual procedures involved in the operation of Dragon Medical
One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit. Procedures are developed and documented by the respective teams
for a variety of processes, including those relating to product management, engineering, technical
operations, security, information technology (IT), and HR. These procedures are drafted in alignment with
the overall information security policies and are updated and approved as necessary for changes in the
business, but no less than annually.
The following table details the procedures as they relate to the operation of Dragon Medical One and
Dragon Medical SpeechKit:
Procedures
Procedure

Description

Logical Access

How the Company restricts logical access, provides and removes that access, and
prevents unauthorized access.

System Operations

How the Company manages the operation of the system and detects and mitigates
processing deviations, including logical security deviations.

Change Management

How the Company identifies the need for changes, makes the changes using a
controlled change management process, and prevents unauthorized changes from
being made.

Risk Mitigation

How the Company identifies, selects, and develops risk mitigation activities arising from
potential business disruptions and the use of vendors and business partners.

Data
Data refers to transaction streams, files, data stores, tables, and output used or processed by the Company.
Through the application programming interface (API), the customer or end-user defines and controls the
data they load into and store in the Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit production network.
Once stored in the environment, the data is accessed remotely from customer systems via the Internet.
Customer data is managed, processed, and stored in accordance with relevant data protection and other
regulations and with specific requirements formally established in client contracts.
The Company has deployed secure methods and protocols for the transmission of confidential or sensitive
information over public networks. Databases housing sensitive customer data are encrypted at rest.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

16 / 71

The following table details the types of data contained in the production application for Dragon Medical One
and Dragon Medical SpeechKit:
Data
Production Application

Description

Data Store

Customer Information

Refers to user account, licensing and configuration
information.

NMS MS SQL Server
Database

Speech Profiles

Refers to personalized settings that enhance the
accuracy and efficiency of speech recognition
systems. These personalized settings include
language and acoustical statistics of how an
individual user pronounces sounds and uses words
in a given language. These profiles are tailored to
individual users, taking into account their unique
voice characteristics, accents, and speaking styles.

Azure File System

Persisted audio and text
files, including PHI

Refers to audio recordings and text transcripts that
are persistently stored and could contain Protected
Health Information (PHI), such as patient identifiers,
medical histories, or treatment details. These files
are retained specifically for the purpose of training
and refining speech recognition profiles, ensuring
improved accuracy and personalization while
adhering to strict privacy and security standards.

Azure File System

Server Images

Refers to virtual machine snapshots or disk images
that capture the full state of a server, including its
operating system, configurations, and stored data.

Azure Backup Services

Server configuration
information

Refers to the stored details that define how a server
is set up and operates, including system settings,
network configurations, installed software, and
security policies.

Azure DevOps managed
repositories and Ansible
Platform

Code Base

Refers to the complete set of software assets used
in a system, including vendor-provided software and
firmware, associated licenses, and internally
developed application product code.

Azure DevOps managed
repositories

System Incidents
There were no identified significant system incidents that (a) were the result of controls that were not
suitably designed or operating effectively to achieve one or more of the service commitments and system
requirements or (b) otherwise resulted in a significant failure in the achievement of one or more of those
service commitments and system requirements from May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

17 / 71

The Applicable Trust Services Criteria and
Related Controls
Applicable Trust Services Criteria
The Trust Services Categories that are in scope for the purposes of this report are as follows:


Security: Information and systems are protected against unauthorized access, unauthorized
disclosure of information, and damage to systems that could compromise the availability or
confidentiality of information or systems and affect the entity's ability to meet its objectives.



Availability: Information and systems are available for operation and use to meet the entity's
objectives.



Confidentiality: Information designated as confidential is protected to meet the entity's objectives.

Many of the criteria used to evaluate a system are shared amongst all in-scope categories; for example,
the criteria related to risk assessment apply to the security, availability, and confidentiality categories. As a
result, the criteria for the security, availability and confidentiality categories are organized into (a) the criteria
that are applicable to all categories (common criteria) and (b) criteria applicable only to a single category.
The common criteria constitute the complete set of criteria for the security category. For the categories of
availability and confidentiality a complete set of criteria is comprised of all the common criteria and all the
criteria applicable to the category being reported on.
The common criteria are organized as follows:
1. Control environment: The criteria relevant to how the entity is structured and the processes the
entity has implemented to manage and support people within its operating units. This includes
criteria addressing accountability, integrity, ethical values, qualifications of personnel, and the
environment in which they function.
2. Information and communication: The criteria relevant to how the entity communicates its policies,
processes, procedures, commitments, and requirements to authorized users and other parties of
the system and the obligations of those parties and users to the effective operation of the system.
3. Risk assessment: The criteria relevant to how the entity (i) identifies potential risks that would affect
the entity’s ability to achieve its objectives, (ii) analyzes those risks, (iii) develops responses to
those risks including the design and implementation of controls and other risk mitigating actions,
and (iv) conducts ongoing monitoring of risks and the risk management process.
4. Monitoring activities: The criteria relevant to how the entity monitors the system, including the
suitability and design and operating effectiveness of the controls, and acts to address deficiencies
identified.
5. Control activities: The criteria relevant to the actions established through policies and procedures
that help ensure that management’s directives to mitigate risks to the achievement of objectives
are carried out.
6. Logical and physical access controls: The criteria relevant to how the entity restricts logical and
physical access, provides and removes that access, and prevents unauthorized access.
7. System operations: The criteria relevant to how the entity manages the operation of system(s) and
detects and mitigates processing deviations, including logical and physical security deviations.
8. Change management: The criteria relevant to how the entity identifies the need for changes, makes
the changes using a controlled change management process, and prevents unauthorized changes
from being made.
Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

18 / 71

9. Risk mitigation: The criteria relevant to how the entity identifies, selects, and develops risk
mitigation activities arising from potential business disruptions and the use of vendors and business
partners.
This report is focused solely on the security, availability, and confidentiality categories. The Company has
elected to exclude the processing integrity and privacy categories.

Control Environment
Organizational Structure
Nuance’s organizational structure provides a framework within which its objectives are planned, executed,
controlled, and monitored. Significant aspects of establishing an effective organizational structure include
defining key areas of authority and responsibility and establishing appropriate lines of reporting. Nuance
executive management has ultimate responsibility for defining these areas of authority and responsibility
and for establishing reporting relationships and authorization protocols. The executive and organizational
structure, lines of authority, reporting, and responsibility were summarized above.
Nuance and Microsoft Executive Leadership ensures the organization follows appropriate governance
standards.
Human Resources
Microsoft hiring managers define job requirements prior to recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Job
requirements include the primary responsibilities and tasks involved in the job, background skills needed
to perform the job, and personal qualifications desired.
Microsoft employees create individual Core Priorities that align with those of their manager, organization,
and Microsoft, and are supported with customer-centric actions and measures so that everyone is working
toward the same overarching vision. These Core Priorities are established when an employee is hired, and
then updated during one-on-one Connect meetings with their manager. The primary focus of the Connect
meetings is to assess employee performance against their priorities and to agree on an updated list of
priorities going forward.

Information and Communication
Nuance Healthcare maintains internal SharePoint and Confluence sites that are populated with detailed
application, architecture and system information and processes providing employees with ready access to
information on application system functions, implementation, and operation.
Ticketing systems provide a record and notification basis of changes, Customer Service Center recorded
issues, and incidents.
Internal email is also used to communicate time-sensitive information regarding security and system
availability, notifying key personnel in the event of problems. External emails are used to inform customers
of issues, changes, and updates to product functionality.
Pertinent information must be identified, captured, and communicated in a form and timeframe that enables
people to carry out their responsibilities. Policies are in place that establish information policies with clear
responsibility for the quality of information used to communicate operational, financial, and compliancerelated information that makes it possible to run and control the business. These policies deal with not only
internally generated data, but also information about external events, activities, and conditions, such as
security incidents, necessary to inform business decision making and external reporting.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

19 / 71

Effective communication throughout the Company is imperative. Personnel receive a clear message from
top management that control responsibilities must be taken seriously. Personnel understand their own role
in the internal control system, as well as how individual activities relate to the work of others. Personnel
have a means of communicating significant information upstream. There also is effective communication
with external parties, such as customers, suppliers, regulators, and shareholders.

Internal Communications
Nuance has implemented various methods of communication to help ensure that employees understand
their individual roles and responsibilities and ensure that significant events are communicated. These
methods include training new employees on Company policy and commitments, security awareness
training for employees, all-hands employee meetings, and the use of email and internal collaboration tools
to communicate time-sensitive information.

External Communications
Nuance has also implemented various methods of communication to help ensure that customers
understand Nuance’s role and responsibilities in processing customer transactions and ensure that
significant events are communicated in a timely manner. These methods include the use of email and
Nuance’s customer contact line to communicate time-sensitive information.
Nuance utilizes its public-facing website to communicate relevant information regarding the design and
operation of the Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit, as well as Nuance’s commitments
to external customers. The website also features a portal where customers can communicate with Nuance
for system support or to report any incidents or concerns related to the operation or security of the systems.

Risk Assessment and Mitigation
Information Security Risk Management (ISRM) is a formal and repeatable method for identifying information
security risks, determining risk impact and likelihood, and implementing security controls that are
appropriate and justified by the risk. Nuance ensures that information (including customer) remains
protected from a loss of:


Confidentiality: information will be accessible only to authorized individuals.



Integrity: the accuracy and completeness of information will be maintained; and



Availability: information will be accessible to authorized users and processes when required.

As part of the Information Security Risk Management process, when a risk is identified (e.g., audit finding),
it should be logged and assessed with an understanding of:


Nuance business processes.



The impact on Nuance assets:
–

The dependency of any business processes.

–

The value of the asset to Nuance or to Nuance customers.

–

The criticality of the asset to Nuance or to Nuance customers.



The technical systems in place supporting Nuance business.



The legislation, regulation, and/or compliance requirements to which Nuance is subject.



Existing security policy exceptions.

Identified risks will be assigned to an owner, logged, and managed using a risk-module tracking tool.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

20 / 71

If the decision is to mitigate a risk, additional activities or controls will be identified and implemented via a
risk treatment plan which is documented by the Asset Owner and/or risk owner. Any identified “accepted”
risks will be evaluated at least annually, and informed decisions will be made in relation to the risk treatment.
The InfoSec and Operational teams are responsible for identifying risks that threaten the achievement of
security, availability, and confidentiality. Leadership and management have implemented a process for
identifying, analyzing, and addressing relevant risks and aligning the risks with the annually developed
organizational strategy and objectives.

Risk Identification
Nuance has considered significant interactions between itself and relevant external parties and the risks
that could affect the Company’s ability to provide reliable service to its user entities. Key members of the
Executive Management and Operational teams meet annually to identify and review risks to the systems.
These discussions culminate in the creation of a comprehensive annual risk assessment that includes
formal mitigation strategies for risks beyond Nuance’s acceptable thresholds. Other inputs into these risk
discussions are the potential impacts of developing technologies, the constantly changing landscape of
regulatory and legislative requirements, and the annual reviews of the operating effectiveness of key
controls. These risks are documented in a Company wiki.

Risk Factors
Management considers risks that can arise from both external and internal factors, including those
described below.




External factors
–

Technological developments

–

Changing customer needs or expectations

–

Competition that could alter marketing or service activities

–

New legislation and regulation that could force changes in policies and strategies

–

Natural catastrophes that could lead to changes in operations or information systems

–

Economic changes that could have an impact on management decisions

Internal factors
–

Significant changes in policies, processes, or personnel

–

Types of fraud, fraud incentives, pressures, opportunities, attitudes, and rationalizations for
employees

–

A disruption in information systems processing

–

The quality of personnel hired and methods of training utilized

–

Changes in management responsibilities

Risk Analysis
Risk analysis is an essential process to the Company’s success. It includes the identification of key
business processes where potential exposures of some consequence exist, as well as significant changes
to those processes. Once the significance and likelihood of risk have been assessed, management
considers how the risk should be managed. This involves a judgment based on assumptions about the risk
and a reasonable analysis of the costs associated with reducing the level of risk. Necessary actions are
taken to reduce the significance or likelihood of the risk occurring and to identify the control activities
necessary to mitigate the risk. Management identifies these control activities and documents them.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

21 / 71

Management reviews the assessed risk levels annually and documents the risk assessment in the annual
risk program.

Potential for Fraud
Management considers the potential for fraud when assessing the risks to Nuance’s objectives. The
potential for fraud can occur in both financial and non-financial reporting. Other types of fraud include the
misappropriation of assets and illegal acts, such as violations of governmental regulations.
Management realizes that the potential for fraud can occur when employees are motivated by certain
pressures or incentivized to commit fraud. The absence of controls, or ineffective controls, provides an
opportunity for fraud when combined with an incentive to commit fraud. Therefore, documented policies
and procedures are in place to guide personnel in identifying the potential for fraud as part of the risk
assessment process. The risk assessment is performed annually and considers the potential for fraud.

Risk Mitigation
Policies and procedures are in place to guide personnel in risk mitigation activities. Nuance has developed
monitoring processes as well as policies, procedures, and communications to meet the Company’s
objectives during response, mitigation, and recovery efforts. Security stakeholders perform a risk
assessment annually that includes an evaluation of risk mitigation control activities for risks arising from
potential business disruptions. Disaster recovery and business continuity plans are in place to guide
personnel in procedures to protect against disruptions caused by an unexpected event. The plans are
reviewed, updated, and approved annually based on a business impact analysis during the annual risk
assessment process. The organization maintains insurance to offset the financial impact of a risk
materializing.
A third-party management standard is in place that addresses the following:


Specific requirements for a vendor and business partner



Due diligence process prior to accepting new vendors or business partners



Monitoring process to review vendor and business partner compliance



Termination of contract

The Supplier Risk Management Standard is reviewed and updated annually and on an ad-hoc basis as
needed.
Vendors are evaluated in accordance with Microsoft’s processes and are approved by management prior
to receiving access to customer data. Nondisclosure agreements for confidentiality and data protection are
required to be signed before information designated as confidential can be shared with third parties.

Monitoring
The Regulated Industries Security Office has defined the Nuance Security Policy to provide management
direction and support for information security in accordance with business requirements, relevant laws, and
regulations. The Regulated Industries Security Office develops and maintains this policy and publishes it to
all internal employees and contractors.
Nuance has a dedicated security team responsible for managing information security and for providing a
control self-assessment, mitigation of threats, monitoring and addressing of vulnerabilities, and monitoring
overall change for security impact. The security team has put in place an extensive set of policies and
standards.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

22 / 71

System Monitoring (Critical Availability Item)
The SRE teams use a variety of utilities including Prometheus, Grafana, Azure Monitor, Idera SQL
Diagnostic Manager, scanning tools, and native component monitoring capabilities to identify and detect
possible operational anomalies and incidents. The information reported by these tools includes such items
as loading and resource utilization, failover, ping response, and notifications of other exceptional system
events. Alerts are reviewed by the Site Reliability Center staff and by security and SRE. Critical alerts result
in the automatic creation of an incident ticket in the ServiceNow or Remedyforce system. Upon review, they
may be entered into the Critical Incident Management system.
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are available for
viewing continuously through an online dashboard. These metrics, including resource utilization and
capacity indicators to identify issues and plan for increased or changing capacity needs. Resulting change
requests drive system updates to support increased capacity or to address other issues.
The Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) product, Microsoft Sentinel, has been
implemented. Sentinel provides continuous data collection and log aggregation from all
systems/applications. The aggregated data enables incident detection and provides sources for post
incident analysis and recovery. The SIEM dashboards are monitored by the Security Intelligence and
Operations Center based in India and the United Kingdom, and accessibility by the security leadership team
in Burlington, MA.

Subservice Organization Monitoring
Data center space, power, communications connections, HVAC, and physical security services for the
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit applications are provided by:


Microsoft Azure North America East Central U.S. - Ashburn, VA



Microsoft Azure North America North Central U.S. - Chicago, IL



Microsoft Azure North America West US 2 - Quincy, WA



Microsoft Azure North America Canada East - Quebec



Microsoft Azure North America Canada Central – Toronto



Microsoft Azure Germany North – Berlin



Microsoft Azure Germany West Central – Frankfurt

Although controls relating to physical security and implemented by the data center facilities are included in
the overall Healthcare control environment specification, these and other services summarized above as
provided by the data center vendor are treated as carve-out services.
Management of Nuance Healthcare receives and reviews the SOC 2 Type 2 report of the subservice
organization on an annual basis. In addition, through its daily operational activities, management of Nuance
Healthcare monitors the services performed by Microsoft Azure to ensure that operations and controls
expected to be implemented at the subservice organization are functioning effectively. Management also
holds periodic calls with the subservice organization to monitor compliance with the service level
agreement, stay abreast of changes planned at the hosting facility, and relay any issues or concerns to
subservice organization management.
The services provided by the Subservice Organization are monitored as part of day-to-day operations. As
it becomes available, Nuance personnel receive and review documentation provided by the Subservice
Organization (e.g., SOC reports, security certifications) to help ensure that security practices are being
followed.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

23 / 71

Control Activities
An entity’s organizational structure provides a framework within which its objectives are planned, executed,
controlled, and monitored. Significant aspects of establishing an effective organizational structure include
defining key areas of authority and responsibility and establishing appropriate lines of reporting. Nuance
executive management has ultimate responsibility for defining these areas of authority and responsibility
and for establishing reporting relationships and authorization protocols. The executive and organizational
structure, lines of authority, reporting, and responsibility were summarized above.
Nuance and Microsoft Executive Leadership ensures the organization follows appropriate governance
standards.
Nuance control activities are defined through its established policies and procedures. Policy statements are
documented and communicated through various communication methods within Nuance. Policies serve as
the basis for procedures. Control activities are deployed through policies that establish what is expected
and procedures that put policies into action. A list of policies and procedures is documented in the above
Procedures section.

Logical Access
The Global Technology Solutions (GTS) Access Provisioning Process is a formal process for establishing
and limiting staff access to Nuance Healthcare GTS systems. Employees are granted logical access to inscope systems based on system documented requests that are reviewed and approved by appropriate
management personnel.
In accord with the GTS Access Termination Process, the Human Resources department provides GTS with
notification of employee termination. GTS disables the associated user id and revokes the associated
access privileges. The changes are documented in the request system.
Initial guidelines for role-based access control have been developed and are captured in the GTS RoleBased Access Control (RBAC) Guidelines document. RBAC will be implemented as is feasible and
appropriate but is dependent on the complex task of coordinating and defining consistent role definitions.
Administrative access to Active Directory, UNIX/Linux servers, VMware servers, databases, storage, and
network devices is restricted to authorized employees and is managed with the GTS Access Provisioning
Process. Account sharing is not allowed, with the exception of some generic “root” type accounts whose
use is minimized. User identities are audited quarterly.
Policies and mechanisms require unique user identification numbers, names, and passwords for
authentication of all GTS staff. Password constraints are as follows:


Passwords have a minimum of 8 characters, including 2 non-alphanumeric characters.



Passwords expire every 90 days for non-privileged accounts and 60 days for privileged accounts.



Log-on sessions are terminated after five failed log-on attempts.



The last 10 passwords cannot be reused.

System Operations
Incident Management
Nuance Healthcare has a formalized Critical Incident Management process in place. Customers or internal
staff/functions can identify potential issues which are vetted against incident criteria defined by the Critical
Incident Management Process, and if found to meet the criteria result in the Critical Incident Manager
opening an incident. The Manager records the incident, reviews it with management and technical staff,
and coordinates resolution actions which most likely result in the creation of change tickets. The Incident
Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

24 / 71

Manager is the responsible authority for coordinating communication, resolution actions and eventual
closure.

Change Management
For Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit, a set of customer administrators and their
privileges are defined as part of the initial customer configuration by the Nuance Healthcare Provisioning
Services group. That configuration is then implemented in production by GTS Development Operations in
accord with the GTS Change Management Process. Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit
are transactional systems, and service access is gated by customer licenses as validated by the Nuance
Management Server (NMS). NMS provides a wide range of product configuration, security and
management options. Customer administrators are configured for NMS, and they utilize it to define
organizations and users of various types, allocate licenses (both individual and organizational), establish
speech processing options, backup, reporting, etc. When users are registered in the system, they are
associated with a license which enables their access to Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical
SpeechKit.
Nuance Healthcare has formalized change management in place, as defined by the GTS Change
Management Process document. The process requires identification and recording of changes in the
request tracking system, review and assessment of risk and potential impact of proposed changes, approval
of proposed changes, testing of changes to verify operational functionality, and communication of change
nature and status throughout the process. Proposed changes are evaluated to determine if they present a
security or other operational risk and what mitigating actions, including employee and customer entity
notifications, must be performed. All changes must have back out plans specified. The SRE Change
Advisory Board (CAB) management team meets weekly to review and schedule changes to the GTS
environments. Emergency changes follow the formal change management process, but at an accelerated
timeline. Prior to initiating an emergency change, necessary approvals are obtained and documented.
Changes to infrastructure and software are developed and tested in separate development or test
environments before implementation. Developers are not permitted to implement changes independently
or alter production environments.

Availability
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit critical data is held in NMS MS SQL Server databases
and geo-replicated to the alternate centers. Only five seconds of data loss is expected for NMS SQL data
if a failover is required. Dragon Medical Server (DMS) SQL databases and multiple file shares also
containing data are replicated three times in each data center. The file shares are also replicated to a
secondary file share which also has three replicas. SAS SQL data and file shares are not geo-replicated to
the alternate data center as they do not contain critical data. A full backup of SQL database history is
performed weekly, snapshots are taken hourly, and transaction logs are saved every two minutes. Active
Directory data is replicated and synched between all data centers where DMO is deployed. Access to all
data including replicas and backups is restricted to authorized personnel.
Since the Azure sites and the Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit instances are all active,
at any point in time, customers can be directed to an alternate center. In the case of interruption of full
service at the primary site, the critical component requiring failover to the alternate is the NMS SQL
database, and the only associated impacted functionality is voice-command processing. Dictation
processing continues, depending on the version of the customer client, either after a retry or automatically,
with minimal customer disruption.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

25 / 71

The required actions to make an alternate center a full primary are to make the NMS SQL database at the
operational site the primary and to update connection parameters. The NMS SQL database at the alternate
site contains current data through the geo-replication process. All other data can be recreated dynamically,
if necessary. Failover/failback and recovery scenarios have been successfully tested. Full failover can be
completed within five minutes. Customer dictation support, except voice-command processing, is available
during the failover operation.

Confidentiality
The following data categories are associated with the Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit
product. Nuance Healthcare applications are source systems that may, or may not, feed into Customers’
Electronic Health Records. Thus, Nuance is subject to HIPAA as a Business Associate of its customers.
While much audio and associated text data is retained, it is only used to refine the speech-to-text or other
analytic models. Data flows are described in the product architecture and infrastructure overview sections.


Customer Information - user account, licensing, configuration information - stored in an NMS MS
SQL Server database



Speech profiles – personalized settings that enhance the accuracy and efficiency of speech
recognition system. - stored in Azure file system



Persisted audio and text files, including PHI – audio recordings and text transcripts that are
persistently stored - stored in a file system



Server images – virtual machine snapshots or disk images – stored in Azure backup services



Server configuration information – stored details that define how a server is setup and operates –
stored in Azure DevOps managed repositories and the Ansible platform



Code base (includes vendor software/firmware, associated licenses, and developed application
product code) – stored in Azure DevOps managed repositories

User Entity Responsibilities
Management of user entities is responsible for the following, which should not be regarded as a
comprehensive list of all controls that should be employed by user entities.


User entities should have policies and procedures to report any material changes to their overall
control environment that may adversely affect services being performed by the Company according
to contractually specified time frames.



Controls to provide reasonable assurance that the Company is notified of changes in:



–

User entity vendor security requirements

–

The authorized users list

It is the responsibility of the user entity to have policies and procedures to:
–

Inform their employees and users that their information or data is being used and stored by the
Company.

–

Determine how to file inquiries, complaints, and disputes to be passed on to the Company.



User entities should only grant access to the Company’s system to authorized and trained
personnel.



Controls to provide reasonable assurance that policies and procedures are deployed over user IDs
and passwords that are used to access services provided by the Company.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

26 / 71



User entities deploy physical security and environmental controls for all devices and access points
residing at their operational facilities, including remote employees or at-home agents for which the
user entity allows connectivity.



User entities are responsible for providing capacity forecasts to Nuance.

Subservice Organizations and Complementary
Subservice Organization Controls (CSOCs)
The Company uses Microsoft Azure as a subservice organization for data center colocation services. The
Company’s controls related to Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit cover only a portion of
the overall internal control for each user entity of Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit. The
description does not extend to the colocation services for IT infrastructure provided by the subservice
organization. Section 4 of this report and the description of the system only cover the Trust Services Criteria
and related controls of the Company and exclude the related controls of Microsoft Azure.
Although the subservice organization has been carved out for the purposes of this report, certain service
commitments, system requirements, and applicable criteria are intended to be met by controls at the
subservice organization. CSOCs are expected to be in place at the Subservice Organizations related to
physical security and environmental protection, as well as backup, recovery, and redundancy controls
related to availability. The Subservice Organizations’ physical security controls should mitigate the risk of
unauthorized access to the hosting facilities. The Subservice Organizations’ environmental protection
controls should mitigate the risk of fires, power loss, climate, and temperature variabilities.
Company management receives and reviews the Subservice Organizations’ SOC 2 Type 2 report annually.
In addition, through its operational activities, Company management monitors the services performed by
the Subservice Organizations to determine whether operations and controls expected to be implemented
are functioning effectively. Management also communicates with the subservice organization to monitor
compliance with the service agreement, stay informed of changes planned at the hosting facility, and relay
any issues or concerns to the Subservice Organizations’ management.
It is not feasible for the service commitments, system requirements, and applicable criteria related to
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit to be achieved solely by the Company. Therefore,
each user entity’s internal control must be evaluated in conjunction with the Company’s controls and related
tests and results described in Section 4 of this report, taking into account the related CSOCs expected to
be implemented at Microsoft Azure as described below.
Criteria

Complementary Subservice Organization Controls

CC2.3

 Azure is responsible for monitoring of critical vendors in their control.

CC6.4

 The Microsoft Azure Facilities are responsible for restricting data center access to authorized
personnel.
 The Microsoft Azure Facilities are responsible for the 24/7 monitoring of data centers by closed
circuit cameras and security personnel.

CC6.5
CC6.7

 The Microsoft Azure Facilities are responsible for implementing controls for the transmission,
movement, and removal of the underlying storage devices for their cloud hosting services
where Nuance systems reside.
 The Microsoft Azure Facilities are responsible for securely decommissioning and physically
destroying physical production assets in its control.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

27 / 71

Criteria

Complementary Subservice Organization Controls

CC6.5
C1.2

 The Microsoft Azure Facilities purge or destroy electronic information containing confidential
information when they are no longer used.

CC7.2
A1.2

 The Microsoft Azure Facilities are responsible for the installation of fire suppression and
detection and environmental monitoring systems at the data centers.
 The Microsoft Azure Facilities are responsible for protecting data centers against a disruption in
power supply to the processing environment by an uninterruptible power supply (UPS).
 The Microsoft Azure Facilities are responsible for overseeing the regular maintenance of
environmental protections at data centers.

Complementary Corporate-Level Controls
The Company uses Microsoft Azure for a wide variety of services including data center colocation services,
HR functions, and vendor management services. The Company’s controls related to Dragon Medical One
and Dragon Medical SpeechKit cover only a portion of the overall internal control for each user entity of
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit. The description does not extend to the colocation
services, HR functions, or vendor management services provided by Microsoft Azure. Section 4 of this
report and the description of the system only cover the Trust Services Criteria and related controls of the
Company and exclude the related controls of Microsoft Azure.
Although the complementary corporate-level controls at Microsoft Azure have been carved out for the
purposes of this report, certain service commitments, system requirements, and applicable criteria are
intended to be met by the complementary corporate-level controls at Microsoft Azure. For example,
complementary corporate-level controls are expected to be in place at Microsoft Azure, related to physical
security and environmental protection. Microsoft Azure’s physical security controls mitigate the risk of fires,
power loss, climate, and temperature variabilities.
Nuance management receives and reviews the Microsoft Azure SOC 2 Type 2 reports annually. In addition,
through its operational activities, Nuance management monitors the services performed by Microsoft Azure
to determine whether operations and controls expected to be implemented are functioning effectively.
Management also has communication with the organizations to monitor compliance with the service
agreement, stay informed of changes planned at the hosting facility, and relay any issues or concerns to
Microsoft Azure.
It is not feasible for the service commitments, system requirements, and applicable criteria related to the
Dragon Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit to be achieved solely by Nuance. Therefore, each
user entity’s internal control must be evaluated in conjunction with the Company’s controls and related tests
and results described in Section 4 of this report, taking into account the related controls expected to be
implemented at Microsoft Azure as described below.
Criteria
CC1.1

Complementary Corporate-Level Controls
 Microsoft Azure is responsible for providing the Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct and
security policy to new employees and collecting acknowledgments.
 Microsoft Azure is responsible for providing confidentiality agreements to new employees and
collecting signed agreements.
 Microsoft Azure is responsible for the completion of background checks for new employees and
contractors.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

28 / 71

Criteria

Complementary Corporate-Level Controls

CC1.2
CC1.3

 Microsoft Azure is responsible for the board of directors meeting annually, maintaining formal
meeting minutes, and including directors that are independent of the Company.
 Microsoft Azure is responsible for documenting the oversight responsibilities relative to internal
control for the board of directors.

CC1.4
CC2.2

 Microsoft Azure is responsible for employees completing security awareness training upon hire
and annually thereafter.
 Microsoft Azure is responsible for managers completing performance appraisals for direct
reports annually.

CC1.5

 Microsoft Azure is responsible for documenting disciplinary actions in a formalized sanctions
policy.

CC6.2
CC6.3
CC6.5
CC6.6

 Microsoft Azure is responsible for managing logical access to the underlying network,
virtualization management, security, and storage devices for its cloud-hosting services where
the Nuance applications reside.
 Microsoft Azure is responsible for creating and tracking access modification tickets based on
quarterly access reviews.

CC4.1
CC4.2
CC9.2

 Microsoft Azure is responsible for reviewing the attestation reports for critical vendors.

Specific Criteria Not Relevant to the System
There were no specific security availability, or confidentiality Trust Services Criteria as set forth in TSP
Section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and
Privacy (With Revised Points of Focus—2022) that were not relevant to the system as presented in this
report.

Significant Changes to the System
There were no changes that are likely to affect report users’ understanding of how Dragon Medical One or
Dragon Medical SpeechKit were used to provide the service from May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025.

Report Use
The description does not omit or distort information relevant to Dragon Medical One or Dragon Medical
SpeechKit while acknowledging that the description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad
range of users and may not, therefore, include every aspect of the system that each individual user may
consider important to their own particular needs.

Description of the System Provided by Nuance

Classified as Microsoft Confidential

29 / 71

Section 4
Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls
and Tests of Controls Relevant to the
Security, Availability, and Confidentiality
Categories

30 / 71

Control Environment Elements
The control environment represents the collective effect of various elements in establishing, enhancing or
mitigating the effectiveness of specific controls. The control environment elements as described in the
description of the system include, but are not limited to, Policies and Procedures.
Our tests of the control environment included the following procedures, to the extent we considered
necessary; (a) an inspection of Nuance’s organizational structure including segregation of functional
responsibilities and policies and procedures; (b) inquiries with management, operations, administrative and
other personnel who are responsible for developing, ensuring adherence to and applying controls; (c)
observations of personnel in the performance of their assigned duties; and (d) inspection of documents and
records pertaining to controls.

Description of Tests Performed by Coalfire Controls, LLC
Our tests of operating effectiveness of controls included such tests as were considered necessary in the
circumstances to evaluate whether those controls, and the extent of compliance with them, were sufficient
to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the trust services security, availability, and
confidentiality categories and criteria were achieved throughout the period May 1, 2024 to April 30, 2025.
In selecting particular tests of the operating effectiveness of the controls, we considered (i) the nature of
the controls being tested; (ii) the types of available evidential matter; (iii) the nature of the criteria to be
achieved; (iv) the assessed level of control risk; and (v) the expected efficiency and effectiveness of the
test. Such tests were used to evaluate fairness of the presentation of the description of Nuance’s Dragon
Medical One and Dragon Medical SpeechKit and to evaluate the operating effectiveness of specified
controls.
Additionally, observation and inspection procedures were performed as it relates to system generated
reports, queries, and listings within management’s description of the system to assess the completeness
and accuracy (reliability) of the information utilized in the performance of our testing of the control activities.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories
31 / 71

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security,
Availability, and Confidentiality Categories
Control Environment

TSC
Reference
CC1.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

The board of directors demonstrates independence from management and exercises oversight of the development and performance of
internal control.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

CC1.3

Results of Tests

The entity demonstrates a commitment to integrity and ethical values.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

CC1.2

Service Auditor’s Tests

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Management establishes, with board oversight, structures, reporting lines, and appropriate authorities and responsibilities in the pursuit of
objectives.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

An organization chart is documented and defines the
organizational structure and reporting lines.

Inspected the organization chart to determine that it
was documented and defined the organizational
structure and reporting lines.

No exceptions noted.

Management has established defined roles and
responsibilities to oversee the implementation of the
security and control environment.

Inspected the information security policy to determine
that management had established defined roles and
responsibilities to oversee the implementation of the
security and control environment.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

32 / 71

Control Environment

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities
Job descriptions are documented for employees
supporting the service and include authorities and
responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

CC1.4

CC1.5

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Inspected job descriptions for a sample of employees
supporting the service to determine that job
descriptions were documented and included authorities
and responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

No exceptions noted.

The entity demonstrates a commitment to attract, develop, and retain competent individuals in alignment with objectives.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Job descriptions are documented for employees
supporting the service and include authorities and
responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

Inspected job descriptions for a sample of employees
supporting the service to determine that job
descriptions were documented and included authorities
and responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

No exceptions noted.

The entity holds individuals accountable for their internal control responsibilities in the pursuit of objectives.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Job descriptions are documented for employees
supporting the service and include authorities and
responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

Inspected job descriptions for a sample of employees
supporting the service to determine that job
descriptions were documented and included authorities
and responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

33 / 71

Information and Communication

TSC
Reference
CC2.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity obtains or generates and uses relevant, quality information to support the functioning of internal control.
Control self-assessments are performed by
management at least annually to gain assurance that
controls are in place and operating effectively.
Corrective actions are taken by management based on
relevant findings and tracked to resolution.

Inspected the control self-assessment documentation
to determine that control self-assessments were
performed by management during the period to gain
assurance that controls were in place and operating
effectively and corrective actions were taken by
management based on relevant findings and tracked to
resolution.

No exceptions noted.

Internal and external network vulnerability scans are
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

Inspected internal and external network vulnerability
scans for a sample of quarters to determine that
internal and external network vulnerability scans were
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during quarterly
internal and external network vulnerability scans.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the sampled quarterly internal and external
network vulnerability scans to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the scans.

No exceptions noted.

A log management tool is utilized to identify trends that
may have a potential impact on the Company's ability
to achieve its security objectives and generates alerts
when specific events occur.

Inspected the log management tool configurations to
determine that a log management tool was utilized to
identify trends that may have had a potential impact on
the Company's ability to achieve its security objectives
and generated alerts when specific events occurred.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

34 / 71

Information and Communication

TSC
Reference

CC2.2

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The security owner subscribes to industry security
bulletins and email alerts and uses them to monitor the
impact of emerging technologies and security on the
production systems.

Inspected example security bulletins and email alerts
subscribed to by the security owner to determine that
the security owner subscribed to industry security
bulletins and email alerts and used them to monitor the
impact of emerging technologies and security on the
production systems.

No exceptions noted.

A file integrity monitoring (FIM) tool is used to notify
system administrators of potential unauthorized
changes to the production systems, and the system
administrators review the changes for appropriateness.

Inspected FIM tool alert configurations and example
alerts to determine that the Company utilized a FIM tool
that notified system administrators of potential
unauthorized changes to the production systems.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected review documentation for a sample of
potential unauthorized changes to the production
systems to determine that the system administrators
were required to review the changes for
appropriateness when alerted by the FIM tool.

No exceptions noted.

The entity internally communicates information, including objectives and responsibilities for internal control, necessary to support the
functioning of internal control.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Management has established defined roles and
responsibilities to oversee the implementation of the
security and control environment.

Inspected the information security policy to determine
that management had established defined roles and
responsibilities to oversee the implementation of the
security and control environment.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

35 / 71

Information and Communication

TSC
Reference

CC2.3

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Job descriptions are documented for employees
supporting the service and include authorities and
responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

Inspected job descriptions for a sample of employees
supporting the service to determine that job
descriptions were documented and included authorities
and responsibilities for the design, development,
implementation, operation, maintenance, and
monitoring of the system.

No exceptions noted.

System changes are communicated to authorized
internal users.

Inspected tickets for a sample of system changes to
determine that system changes were communicated to
authorized internal users.

No exceptions noted.

A formalized ethics and compliance policy is
established and an anonymous communication
channel is available for employees to report potential
security issues or fraud concerns.

Inspected the formal ethics and compliance policy to
determine that a formalized ethics and compliance
policy was established and an anonymous
communication channel was available for employees to
report potential security issues or fraud concerns.

No exceptions noted.

The entity communicates with external parties regarding matters affecting the functioning of internal control.
Customer Hosted Service Agreements and Hosted
Service Orders include the communication of the
Company's commitments to its customers.

Inspected the Hosted Service Agreement and Hosted
Service Order templates to determine that the
Company's commitments were communicated to
customers.

No exceptions noted.

Formal information sharing agreements are in place
with critical vendors. These agreements include
commitments from third parties to report actual or
suspected security events and incidents to the
Company.

Inspected critical vendor review documentation to
determine that formal information sharing agreements
were in place with critical vendors to report actual or
suspected security events and incidents to the
Company.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

36 / 71

Information and Communication

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Release notes for changes that affect the system are
documented and communicated to internal and
external users.

Inspected release note communication for a sample of
changes to determine that release notes were
documented and communicated to internal and
external users for implemented changes that affected
the system.

No exceptions noted.

An external-facing support system is in place that
allows users to report system information on failures,
incidents, concerns, and other complaints to the
appropriate personnel.

Inspected the customer reporting portal to determine
that an external-facing support system was in place
that allowed users to report system information on
failures, incidents, concerns, and other complaints to
the appropriate personnel.

No exceptions noted.

Guidelines and technical support resources related to
system operations are provided on the Company's
website.

Inspected the Company's website to determine that
guidelines and technical support resources related to
system operations were provided on the Company's
website.

No exceptions noted.

An external-facing status webpage is used to
document and communicate current information on
service availability to internal and external users.

Inspected the external-facing website to determine that
an external-facing status webpage was used to
document and communicate current information on
service availability to internal and external users.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

37 / 71

Risk Assessment

TSC
Reference
CC3.1

CC3.2

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity specifies objectives with sufficient clarity to enable the identification and assessment of risks relating to objectives.
The Company specifies its objectives in its annual risk
assessment to enable the identification and
assessment of risk related to the objectives.

Inspected documentation from the risk assessment
performed during the period to determine that the
Company specified its objectives in its annual risk
assessment to enable the identification and
assessment of risk related to the objectives.

No exceptions noted.

A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

The entity identifies risks to the achievement of its objectives across the entity and analyzes risks as a basis for determining how the risks
should be managed.
A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

A risk assessment is performed at least annually. As
part of this process, threats and changes to service
commitments are identified and the risks are formally
assessed. The risk assessment includes a
consideration of the potential for fraud and how fraud
may impact the achievement of objectives.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that a risk assessment was performed during the
period and, as part of this process, threats and
changes to service commitments were identified and
the risks were formally assessed.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that the risk assessment included a consideration of
the potential for fraud and how fraud may have
impacted the achievement of objectives.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

38 / 71

Risk Assessment

TSC
Reference

CC3.3

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR)
plans are documented to support continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions. BC/DR roles
and responsibilities have been assigned to appropriate
individuals, and the continuity and recovery of critical
services and business processes is based on a
strategy approved by senior management. The plans
are tested at least annually.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
plans were documented to support the continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
roles and responsibilities had been assigned to
appropriate individuals and the continuity and recovery
of critical services and business processes was based
on a strategy approved by senior management.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected results from the BC/DR plan testing to
determine that testing was performed during the period.

No exceptions noted.

The entity considers the potential for fraud in assessing risks to the achievement of objectives.
A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

A risk assessment is performed at least annually. As
part of this process, threats and changes to service
commitments are identified and the risks are formally
assessed. The risk assessment includes a
consideration of the potential for fraud and how fraud
may impact the achievement of objectives.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that a risk assessment was performed during the
period and, as part of this process, threats and
changes to service commitments were identified and
the risks were formally assessed.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that the risk assessment included a consideration of
the potential for fraud and how fraud may have
impacted the achievement of objectives.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

39 / 71

Risk Assessment

TSC
Reference
CC3.4

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity identifies and assesses changes that could significantly impact the system of internal control.
A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

A risk assessment is performed at least annually. As
part of this process, threats and changes to service
commitments are identified and the risks are formally
assessed. The risk assessment includes a
consideration of the potential for fraud and how fraud
may impact the achievement of objectives.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that a risk assessment was performed during the
period and, as part of this process, threats and
changes to service commitments were identified and
the risks were formally assessed.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that the risk assessment included a consideration of
the potential for fraud and how fraud may have
impacted the achievement of objectives.

No exceptions noted.

A configuration management tool (CMT) is in place to
ensure that system configurations are deployed
consistently throughout the environment.

Inspected CMT configurations to determine that a CMT
was in place to ensure that system configurations were
deployed consistently throughout the environment.

No exceptions noted.

Penetration testing is performed at least annually to
identify vulnerabilities that could be exploited to gain
access to the production environment.

Inspected the penetration test report to determine that
penetration testing was performed during the period to
identify vulnerabilities that could have been exploited to
gain access to the production environment.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during the annual
penetration test.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the annual penetration test to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the annual penetration
test.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

40 / 71

Monitoring Activities

TSC
Reference
CC4.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity selects, develops, and performs ongoing and/or separate evaluations to ascertain whether the components of internal control
are present and functioning.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Control self-assessments are performed by
management at least annually to gain assurance that
controls are in place and operating effectively.
Corrective actions are taken by management based on
relevant findings and tracked to resolution.

Inspected the control self-assessment documentation
to determine that control self-assessments were
performed by management during the period to gain
assurance that controls were in place and operating
effectively and corrective actions were taken by
management based on relevant findings and tracked to
resolution.

No exceptions noted.

Penetration testing is performed at least annually to
identify vulnerabilities that could be exploited to gain
access to the production environment.

Inspected the penetration test report to determine that
penetration testing was performed during the period to
identify vulnerabilities that could have been exploited to
gain access to the production environment.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during the annual
penetration test.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the annual penetration test to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the annual penetration
test.

No exceptions noted.

Internal and external network vulnerability scans are
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

Inspected internal and external network vulnerability
scans for a sample of quarters to determine that
internal and external network vulnerability scans were
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

41 / 71

Monitoring Activities

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities
A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during quarterly
internal and external network vulnerability scans.

CC4.2

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the sampled quarterly internal and external
network vulnerability scans to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the scans.

No exceptions noted.

The entity evaluates and communicates internal control deficiencies in a timely manner to those parties responsible for taking corrective
action, including senior management and the board of directors, as appropriate.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Control self-assessments are performed by
management at least annually to gain assurance that
controls are in place and operating effectively.
Corrective actions are taken by management based on
relevant findings and tracked to resolution.

Inspected the control self-assessment documentation
to determine that control self-assessments were
performed by management during the period to gain
assurance that controls were in place and operating
effectively and corrective actions were taken by
management based on relevant findings and tracked to
resolution.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

42 / 71

Control Activities

TSC
Reference
CC5.1

CC5.2

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity selects and develops control activities that contribute to the mitigation of risks to the achievement of objectives to acceptable
levels.
As part of its annual risk assessment, management
selects and develops manual and IT general control
activities that contribute to the mitigation of identified
risks.

Inspected documentation from the risk assessment
performed during the period to determine that, as part
of its annual risk assessment, management selected
and developed manual and IT general control activities
that contributed to the mitigation of identified risks.

No exceptions noted.

A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

The entity also selects and develops general control activities over technology to support the achievement of objectives.
As part of its annual risk assessment, management
selects and develops manual and IT general control
activities that contribute to the mitigation of identified
risks.

Inspected documentation from the risk assessment
performed during the period to determine that, as part
of its annual risk assessment, management selected
and developed manual and IT general control activities
that contributed to the mitigation of identified risks.

No exceptions noted.

A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

43 / 71

Control Activities

TSC
Reference
CC5.3

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity deploys control activities through policies that establish what is expected and in procedures that put policies into action.
Security incident response policies and procedures are
documented and provide guidance to Company
personnel for detecting, responding to, and recovering
from security events and incidents.

Inspected the security incident response policies and
procedures to determine that they were documented
and provided guidance to Company personnel for
detecting, responding to, and recovering from security
events and incidents.

No exceptions noted.

Formal procedures are documented that outline the
process the Company's staff follows to perform the
following system access control functions:
- Adding new users
- Modifying an existing user's access
- Removing an existing user's access
- Restricting access based on separation of duties and
least privilege

Inspected system access control procedures to
determine that formal procedures were documented
that outlined the process the Company's staff followed
to perform the following system access control
functions:
- Adding new users
- Modifying an existing user's access
- Removing an existing user's access
- Restricting access based on separation of duties and
least privilege

No exceptions noted.

Information security policies and procedures are
documented and define the information security rules
and requirements for the service environment.

Inspected the Company's information security policies
and procedures to determine that they were
documented and defined the information security rules
and requirements for the service environment.

No exceptions noted.

A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

44 / 71

Control Activities

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Formal procedures are documented that outline the
process the Company's staff follows to back up and
recover customer data.

Inspected backup and recovery procedures to
determine that formal procedures were documented
that outlined the process the Company's staff followed
to back up and recover customer data.

No exceptions noted.

A data classification policy is documented to help
ensure that confidential data is properly secured and
restricted to authorized personnel.

Inspected the data classification policy to determine
that a data classification policy was documented to
help ensure that confidential data was properly secured
and restricted to authorized personnel.

No exceptions noted.

Formal procedures that outline requirements for
vulnerability management are documented and include
the following components:
- Methods for identifying vulnerabilities and frequency
- Assessing the severity of identified vulnerabilities
- Prioritizing and implementing remediation or
mitigation activities for identified vulnerabilities based
on severity and defined timelines
- Handling of system components for which no
measures are initiated to remediate or mitigate
vulnerabilities

Inspected the vulnerability management procedures to
determine that formal procedures that outlined
requirements for vulnerability management were
documented and included the following components:
- Methods for identifying vulnerabilities and frequency
- Assessing the severity of identified vulnerabilities
- Prioritizing and implementing remediation or
mitigation activities for identified vulnerabilities based
on severity and defined timelines
- Handling of system components for which no
measures are initiated to remediate or mitigate
vulnerabilities

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

45 / 71

Control Activities

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Formal policies and procedures that outline the
requirements for vendor management are documented
and include the following components:
- Maintaining a list of critical vendors
- Requirements for the assessment of risks resulting
from the procurement of third-party services
- Requirements for the classification of third parties
- Information security requirements for the processing,
storage, or transmission of information by third parties
- Requirements for dealing with vulnerabilities, security
incidents, and malfunctions
- Specifications for the contractual agreement and
monitoring of third-party vendor requirements
- Requirements for critical vendors to maintain their
own security practices and procedures
- Annually reviewing attestation reports for critical
vendors or performing a vendor risk assessment

Inspected the vendor management policy to determine
that formal policies and procedures that outlined the
requirements for vendor management were
documented and included the following components:
- Maintaining a list of critical vendors
- Requirements for the assessment of risks resulting
from the procurement of third-party services
- Requirements for the classification of third parties
- Information security requirements for the processing,
storage, or transmission of information by third parties
- Requirements for dealing with vulnerabilities, security
incidents, and malfunctions
- Specifications for the contractual agreement and
monitoring of third-party vendor requirements
- Requirements for critical vendors to maintain their
own security practices and procedures
- Annually reviewing attestation reports for critical
vendors or performing a vendor risk assessment

No exceptions noted.

Formal policies and procedures that outline the
technical and organizational safeguards for change
management of system components are documented
and include the following components:
- Change management roles and responsibilities
- Criteria for risk assessment, categorization, and
prioritization of changes
- Approvals for implementation of changes
- Requirements for the performance and
documentation of tests, including rollback plans
- Requirements for segregation of duties during
development, testing, and release of changes

Inspected the change management procedures to
determine that formal policies and procedures that
outlined the technical and organizational safeguards for
change management of system components were
documented and included the following components:
- Change management roles and responsibilities
- Criteria for risk assessment, categorization, and
prioritization of changes
- Approvals for implementation of changes
- Requirements for the performance and
documentation of tests, including rollback plans
- Requirements for segregation of duties during

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

46 / 71

Control Activities

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

- Requirements for the implementation and
documentation of emergency changes

development, testing, and release of changes
- Requirements for the implementation and
documentation of emergency changes

A formal security and software development life cycle
(SDLC) methodology is in place that governs the
project planning, design, acquisition, testing,
implementation, maintenance, and decommissioning of
information systems and related technologies.

Inspected security and SDLC documentation to
determine that a formal security and SDLC
methodology was in place that governed the project
planning, design, acquisition, testing, implementation,
maintenance, and decommissioning of information
systems and related technologies.

No exceptions noted.

Network and system hardening standards are
documented based on Center for Internet Security
(CIS) Benchmarks and reviewed at least annually.

Inspected network and system hardening standards to
determine that they were documented based on CIS
Benchmarks and reviewed during the period.

No exceptions noted.

Formal data retention and disposal procedures are
documented to guide the secure retention and disposal
of Company and customer data.

Inspected the data retention and disposal procedures
to determine that data retention and disposal
procedures were documented to guide the secure
retention and disposal of Company and customer data.

No exceptions noted.

Policies and procedures derived from the information
security policy are documented, version controlled,
reviewed at least annually, approved by management,
and communicated to authorized users.

Inspected the policies and procedures to determine
that policies and procedures derived from the
information security policy were documented, version
controlled, reviewed during the period, and approved
by management.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the Company intranet to determine that
policies and procedures were communicated to
authorized users.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

47 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference
CC6.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity implements logical access security software, infrastructure, and architectures over protected information assets to protect them
from security events to meet the entity's objectives.
Remote access to production systems is restricted to
authorized employees with valid multi-factor
authentication (MFA) tokens over an encrypted virtual
private network (VPN) connection.

Inspected system configurations and observed a
remote login session to determine that remote access
to production systems was restricted to authorized
employees with valid MFA tokens over an encrypted
VPN connection.

No exceptions noted.

Authentication to the following in-scope production
system components requires unique usernames and
passwords or authorized Secure Shell (SSH) keys:
- Network
- Applications
- Data stores
- Microsoft Azure console
- Firewalls
- Log data

Inspected system configurations and observed login
attempts to determine that authentication to the
following in-scope production system components
required unique usernames and passwords or
authorized SSH keys:
- Network
- Applications
- Data stores
- Microsoft Azure console
- Firewalls
- Log data

No exceptions noted.

Passwords for in-scope system components are
configured according to the Company's policy, which
requires the following (unless there is a system
limitation):
- Minimum password length 8 characters including 2
non-alphanumeric characters
- Max password age of 90 days for non-privileged
accounts and 60 days for privileged accounts
- Cannot use last 10 passwords
- Lockout threshold of 5 incorrect passwords

Inspected the password policy and password
configurations for in-scope system components to
determine that passwords were configured according to
Company policy, which required the following (unless
there was a system limitation):
- Minimum password length 8 characters including 2
non-alphanumeric characters
- Max password age of 90 days for non-privileged
accounts and 60 days for privileged accounts
- Cannot use last 10 passwords
- Lockout threshold of 5 incorrect passwords

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

48 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

CC6.2

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The network is segmented to prevent unauthorized
access to customer data.

Inspected network configurations to determine that the
network was segmented to prevent unauthorized
access to customer data.

No exceptions noted.

A formal inventory of production system assets that
includes asset owners is maintained, and changes to
the inventory are logged.

Inspected the production system asset inventory to
determine that a formal inventory of production system
assets that included asset owners was maintained and
changes to the inventory were logged.

No exceptions noted.

Encryption is enabled for data stores housing sensitive
customer data.

Inspected data store settings to determine that
encryption was enabled for data stores housing
sensitive customer data.

No exceptions noted.

Prior to issuing system credentials and granting system access, the entity registers and authorizes new internal and external users whose
access is administered by the entity. For those users whose access is administered by the entity, user system credentials are removed
when user access is no longer authorized.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

User access to in-scope system components is based
on job role and function and requires a documented
access request form and manager approval prior to
access being provisioned.

Inspected access request forms for a sample of users
that received access to the in-scope system
components to determine that user access to in-scope
system components was based on job role and
function and required a documented access request
form and manager approval prior to access being
provisioned.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

49 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Termination checklists are completed to track
employee terminations, and access is revoked for
employees within 24 hours of termination as part of the
termination process.

Inspected termination checklists and system access
logs for a sample of terminated employees to
determine that a termination checklist was completed
and logical access was revoked within 24 hours of
termination as part of the termination process.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected a listing of terminated employees and
compared the listing to the active in-scope system
access listings to determine that terminated employees
did not retain logical access to the in-scope systems
after their separation.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected access review documentation for a sample
of quarters to determine that quarterly access reviews
were conducted by management for the in-scope
system components to help ensure that access was
restricted appropriately.

No exceptions noted.

Quarterly access reviews are conducted by
management for the in-scope system components to
help ensure that access is restricted appropriately.

CC6.3

The entity authorizes, modifies, or removes access to data, software, functions, and other protected information assets based on roles,
responsibilities, or the system design and changes, giving consideration to the concepts of least privilege and segregation of duties, to
meet the entity’s objectives.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Privileged access to the following in-scope production
system components is restricted to authorized users
with a business need:
- Network
- Applications
- Data stores
- Microsoft Azure console

Inspected the access listings, inquired of management,
and compared each user's level of access to their job
role to determine that privileged access to the following
in-scope production system components was restricted
to authorized users with a business need:
- Network
- Applications

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

50 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

- Firewalls
- Log data

- Data stores
- Microsoft Azure console
- Firewalls
- Log data

User access to in-scope system components is based
on job role and function and requires a documented
access request form and manager approval prior to
access being provisioned.

Inspected access request forms for a sample of users
that received access to the in-scope system
components to determine that user access to in-scope
system components was based on job role and
function and required a documented access request
form and manager approval prior to access being
provisioned.

No exceptions noted.

Termination checklists are completed to track
employee terminations, and access is revoked for
employees within 24 hours of termination as part of the
termination process.

Inspected termination checklists and system access
logs for a sample of terminated employees to
determine that a termination checklist was completed
and logical access was revoked within 24 hours of
termination as part of the termination process.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected a listing of terminated employees and
compared the listing to the active in-scope system
access listings to determine that terminated employees
did not retain logical access to the in-scope systems
after their separation.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected access review documentation for a sample
of quarters to determine that quarterly access reviews
were conducted by management for the in-scope
system components to help ensure that access was
restricted appropriately.

No exceptions noted.

Quarterly access reviews are conducted by
management for the in-scope system components to
help ensure that access is restricted appropriately.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

51 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities
Access to migrate changes to production is restricted to
authorized personnel. Developers must have changes
reviewed prior to migration in production.

Service account login credentials are stored in a
password manager, and access to the credentials is
restricted to authorized users with a business need.

CC6.4

Results of Tests

Inspected system access listings, inquired of
management, and compared each user's level of
access to their job role to determine that access to
migrate changes to production was restricted to
authorized personnel.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected system configurations to determine that
developers were required to have changes reviewed
prior to migration in production.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the password management tool to determine
that service account login credentials were stored in a
password manager.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the access listings, inquired of management,
and compared each user's level of access to their job
role to determine that access to the service account
login credentials was restricted to authorized users with
a business need.

No exceptions noted.

The entity restricts physical access to facilities and protected information assets (for example, data center facilities, backup media storage,
and other sensitive locations) to authorized personnel to meet the entity’s objectives.
The Company’s production environment is hosted at
Microsoft Azure, which is carved out for the purposes
of this report.

CC6.5

Service Auditor’s Tests

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

The entity discontinues logical and physical protections over physical assets only after the ability to read or recover data and software from
those assets has been diminished and is no longer required to meet the entity’s objectives.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

52 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

CC6.6

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

A formal inventory of production system assets that
includes asset owners is maintained, and changes to
the inventory are logged.

Inspected the production system asset inventory to
determine that a formal inventory of production system
assets that included asset owners was maintained and
changes to the inventory were logged.

No exceptions noted.

Formal data retention and disposal procedures are
documented to guide the secure retention and disposal
of Company and customer data.

Inspected the data retention and disposal procedures
to determine that data retention and disposal
procedures were documented to guide the secure
retention and disposal of Company and customer data.

No exceptions noted.

The entity implements logical access security measures to protect against threats from sources outside its system boundaries.
Remote access to production systems is restricted to
authorized employees with valid multi-factor
authentication (MFA) tokens over an encrypted virtual
private network (VPN) connection.

Inspected system configurations and observed a
remote login session to determine that remote access
to production systems was restricted to authorized
employees with valid MFA tokens over an encrypted
VPN connection.

No exceptions noted.

Firewall rulesets and security groups are used and
configured to prevent unauthorized access to the
production environment.

Inspected firewall ruleset and security group
configurations to determine that firewall rules and
security groups were used and configured to prevent
unauthorized access to the production environment.

No exceptions noted.

A web application firewall (WAF) is used and
configured to prevent unauthorized access to the
production environment.

Inspected WAF configurations to determine that a WAF
was used and configured to prevent unauthorized
access to the production environment.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

53 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Firewall rulesets and security groups are reviewed at
least annually. Change tickets are created to track any
firewall modifications as a result of the review.

Inspected the firewall and security group review
documentation to determine that firewall rulesets and
security groups were reviewed during the period.

No exceptions noted.

A portion of the control did not operate during the
period because the circumstances that warrant the
operation of the control did not occur during the period.
No changes were required as a result of the firewall
ruleset or security group reviews, therefore no change
tickets were created to track firewall rule or security
group modifications resulting from the review
performed during the period.

Inquired of management and inspected firewall ruleset
and security group review documentation to determine
that the circumstances that warrant the operation of the
control did not occur during the period. As a result, no
testing could be performed to determine whether
change tickets were created to track firewall rule or
security group modifications resulting from the review.

Not tested. No
changes were
identified as required
as a result of the
firewall ruleset or
security group review
performed during the
period, therefore no
change tickets were
created to track
firewall rule or security
modifications resulting
from the review.

Secure data transmission protocols are used to encrypt
confidential and sensitive data when transmitted over
public networks.

Inspected transmission protocol configurations to
determine that secure data transmission protocols were
used to encrypt confidential and sensitive data when
transmitted over public networks.

No exceptions noted.

An intrusion detection system (IDS) and intrusion
prevention system (IPS) are used to provide
continuous monitoring of the Company's network and
early detection and prevention of potential security
breaches. Alerts are configured to notify administrators
to investigate and take appropriate action based on the
severity of the alert.

Inspected IDS and IPS configurations to determine that
an IDS and IPS were used to provide continuous
monitoring of the Company's network and early
detection and prevention of potential security breaches.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected IDS and IPS alert configurations and
example alerts to determine that alerts were configured
to notify administrators of detected and prevented
potential security breaches for investigation and
resolution.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

54 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

CC6.7

CC6.8

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Infrastructure supporting the service is patched as a
part of routine maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities to help ensure that servers supporting
the service are hardened against security threats.

Inspected a sample of patches to the production
environment to determine that infrastructure supporting
the service was patched as a part of routine
maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

The entity restricts the transmission, movement, and removal of information to authorized internal and external users and processes, and
protects it during transmission, movement, or removal to meet the entity’s objectives.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Secure data transmission protocols are used to encrypt
confidential and sensitive data when transmitted over
public networks.

Inspected transmission protocol configurations to
determine that secure data transmission protocols were
used to encrypt confidential and sensitive data when
transmitted over public networks.

No exceptions noted.

The entity implements controls to prevent or detect and act upon the introduction of unauthorized or malicious software to meet the entity’s
objectives.
Anti-malware technology is deployed for environments
commonly susceptible to malicious attack and is
configured to be updated routinely, logged, and
installed on all relevant production servers and
endpoints.

Inspected anti-malware software configurations to
determine that anti-malware technology was deployed
for environments commonly susceptible to malicious
attack and was configured to be updated routinely,
logged, and installed on all relevant production servers
and endpoints.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

55 / 71

Logical and Physical Access Controls

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

An intrusion detection system (IDS) and intrusion
prevention system (IPS) are used to provide
continuous monitoring of the Company's network and
early detection and prevention of potential security
breaches. Alerts are configured to notify administrators
to investigate and take appropriate action based on the
severity of the alert.

Inspected IDS and IPS configurations to determine that
an IDS and IPS were used to provide continuous
monitoring of the Company's network and early
detection and prevention of potential security breaches.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected IDS and IPS alert configurations and
example alerts to determine that alerts were configured
to notify administrators of detected and prevented
potential security breaches for investigation and
resolution.

No exceptions noted.

Infrastructure supporting the service is patched as a
part of routine maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities to help ensure that servers supporting
the service are hardened against security threats.

Inspected a sample of patches to the production
environment to determine that infrastructure supporting
the service was patched as a part of routine
maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

56 / 71

System Operations

TSC
Reference
CC7.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

To meet its objectives, the entity uses detection and monitoring procedures to identify (1) changes to configurations that result in the
introduction of new vulnerabilities, and (2) susceptibilities to newly discovered vulnerabilities.
Internal and external network vulnerability scans are
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

Inspected internal and external network vulnerability
scans for a sample of quarters to determine that
internal and external network vulnerability scans were
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during quarterly
internal and external network vulnerability scans.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the sampled quarterly internal and external
network vulnerability scans to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the scans.

No exceptions noted.

A risk assessment is performed at least annually. As
part of this process, threats and changes to service
commitments are identified and the risks are formally
assessed. The risk assessment includes a
consideration of the potential for fraud and how fraud
may impact the achievement of objectives.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that a risk assessment was performed during the
period and, as part of this process, threats and
changes to service commitments were identified and
the risks were formally assessed.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected risk assessment documentation to determine
that the risk assessment included a consideration of
the potential for fraud and how fraud may have
impacted the achievement of objectives.

No exceptions noted.

A configuration management tool (CMT) is in place to
ensure that system configurations are deployed
consistently throughout the environment.

Inspected CMT configurations to determine that a CMT
was in place to ensure that system configurations were
deployed consistently throughout the environment.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

57 / 71

System Operations

TSC
Reference
CC7.2

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity monitors system components and the operation of those components for anomalies that are indicative of malicious acts, natural
disasters, and errors affecting the entity's ability to meet its objectives; anomalies are analyzed to determine whether they represent
security events.
A log management tool is utilized to identify trends that
may have a potential impact on the Company's ability
to achieve its security objectives and generates alerts
when specific events occur.

Inspected the log management tool configurations to
determine that a log management tool was utilized to
identify trends that may have had a potential impact on
the Company's ability to achieve its security objectives
and generated alerts when specific events occurred.

No exceptions noted.

Internal and external network vulnerability scans are
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

Inspected internal and external network vulnerability
scans for a sample of quarters to determine that
internal and external network vulnerability scans were
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during quarterly
internal and external network vulnerability scans.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the sampled quarterly internal and external
network vulnerability scans to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the scans.

No exceptions noted.

An intrusion detection system (IDS) and intrusion
prevention system (IPS) are used to provide
continuous monitoring of the Company's network and
early detection and prevention of potential security
breaches. Alerts are configured to notify administrators
to investigate and take appropriate action based on the
severity of the alert.

Inspected IDS and IPS configurations to determine that
an IDS and IPS were used to provide continuous
monitoring of the Company's network and early
detection and prevention of potential security breaches.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

58 / 71

System Operations

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Inspected IDS and IPS alert configurations and
example alerts to determine that alerts were configured
to notify administrators of detected and prevented
potential security breaches for investigation and
resolution.

No exceptions noted.

An infrastructure monitoring tool is utilized to monitor
system or infrastructure availability and performance
and generates alerts when specific, predefined
thresholds are met.

Inspected the infrastructure monitoring tool
configurations and example alerts to determine that an
infrastructure monitoring tool was utilized to monitor
system or infrastructure availability and performance
and generated alerts when specific, predefined
thresholds were met.

No exceptions noted.

Penetration testing is performed at least annually to
identify vulnerabilities that could be exploited to gain
access to the production environment.

Inspected the penetration test report to determine that
penetration testing was performed during the period to
identify vulnerabilities that could have been exploited to
gain access to the production environment.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during the annual
penetration test.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the annual penetration test to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the annual penetration
test.

No exceptions noted.

Infrastructure supporting the service is patched as a
part of routine maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities to help ensure that servers supporting
the service are hardened against security threats.

Inspected a sample of patches to the production
environment to determine that infrastructure supporting
the service was patched as a part of routine
maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

59 / 71

System Operations

TSC
Reference
CC7.3

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity evaluates security events to determine whether they could or have resulted in a failure of the entity to meet its objectives
(security incidents) and, if so, takes actions to prevent or address such failures.
Security incident response policies and procedures are
documented and provide guidance to Company
personnel for detecting, responding to, and recovering
from security events and incidents.

Inspected the security incident response policies and
procedures to determine that they were documented
and provided guidance to Company personnel for
detecting, responding to, and recovering from security
events and incidents.

No exceptions noted.

Security events are logged, tracked, resolved, and
communicated to affected parties by management
according to the Company's security incident response
policies and procedures. All events are evaluated to
determine whether they could have resulted in a failure
to meet security commitments and objectives.

Inspected a sample of security event tickets to
determine that security events were logged, tracked,
resolved, evaluated to determine whether they could
have resulted in a failure to meet security commitments
and objectives, and communicated to affected parties
by management according to the Company's security
incident response policies and procedures.

No exceptions noted.

Penetration testing is performed at least annually to
identify vulnerabilities that could be exploited to gain
access to the production environment.

Inspected the penetration test report to determine that
penetration testing was performed during the period to
identify vulnerabilities that could have been exploited to
gain access to the production environment.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during the annual
penetration test.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the annual penetration test to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the annual penetration
test.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

60 / 71

System Operations

TSC
Reference

CC7.4

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Internal and external network vulnerability scans are
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

Inspected internal and external network vulnerability
scans for a sample of quarters to determine that
internal and external network vulnerability scans were
performed at least quarterly to identify, quantify, and
prioritize vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

A remediation plan is developed and changes are
implemented to remediate, at a minimum, all critical
and high vulnerabilities identified during quarterly
internal and external network vulnerability scans.

Inspected remediation plans for vulnerabilities identified
during the sampled quarterly internal and external
network vulnerability scans to determine that
remediation plans were developed and changes were
implemented to remediate all critical and high
vulnerabilities identified during the scans.

No exceptions noted.

Infrastructure supporting the service is patched as a
part of routine maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities to help ensure that servers supporting
the service are hardened against security threats.

Inspected a sample of patches to the production
environment to determine that infrastructure supporting
the service was patched as a part of routine
maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

The entity responds to identified security incidents by executing a defined incident response program to understand, contain, remediate,
and communicate security incidents, as appropriate.
Security incident response policies and procedures are
documented and provide guidance to Company
personnel for detecting, responding to, and recovering
from security events and incidents.

Inspected the security incident response policies and
procedures to determine that they were documented
and provided guidance to Company personnel for
detecting, responding to, and recovering from security
events and incidents.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

61 / 71

System Operations

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities
All incidents related to security are logged, tracked,
evaluated, and communicated to affected parties by
management until the Company has recovered from
the incidents.
The control did not operate during the period because
the circumstances that warrant the operation of the
control did not occur during the period. No security
incidents occurred during the period.

CC7.5

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Inquired of management and inspected security event
documentation to determine that the circumstances
that warrant the operation of the control did not occur
during the period. As a result, no testing could be
performed to determine whether all incidents related to
security were logged, tracked, evaluated, and
communicated to affected parties by management until
the Company had recovered from the incidents.

Not tested. No
security incidents
were identified during
the period.

The entity identifies, develops, and implements activities to recover from identified security incidents.
Business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR)
plans are documented to support continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions. BC/DR roles
and responsibilities have been assigned to appropriate
individuals, and the continuity and recovery of critical
services and business processes is based on a
strategy approved by senior management. The plans
are tested at least annually.

Security incident response policies and procedures are
documented and provide guidance to Company
personnel for detecting, responding to, and recovering
from security events and incidents.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
plans were documented to support the continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
roles and responsibilities had been assigned to
appropriate individuals and the continuity and recovery
of critical services and business processes was based
on a strategy approved by senior management.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected results from the BC/DR plan testing to
determine that testing was performed during the period.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the security incident response policies and
procedures to determine that they were documented
and provided guidance to Company personnel for
detecting, responding to, and recovering from security
events and incidents.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

62 / 71

System Operations

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities
All incidents related to security are logged, tracked,
evaluated, and communicated to affected parties by
management until the Company has recovered from
the incidents.
The control did not operate during the period because
the circumstances that warrant the operation of the
control did not occur during the period. No security
incidents occurred during the period.
The incident response plan is tested at least annually
to assess the effectiveness of the incident response
program.

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Inquired of management and inspected security event
documentation to determine that the circumstances
that warrant the operation of the control did not occur
during the period. As a result, no testing could be
performed to determine whether all incidents related to
security were logged, tracked, evaluated, and
communicated to affected parties by management until
the Company had recovered from the incidents.

Not tested. No
security incidents
were identified during
the period.

Inspected the incident response plan test results to
determine that the incident response plan was tested
during the period to assess the effectiveness of the
incident response program.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

63 / 71

Change Management

TSC
Reference
CC8.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity authorizes, designs, develops or acquires, configures, documents, tests, approves, and implements changes to infrastructure,
data, software, and procedures to meet its objectives.
Changes to software and infrastructure components of
the service are authorized, formally documented,
tested, reviewed, and approved prior to being
implemented in the production environment.

Inspected change request tickets for a sample of
software and infrastructure changes to determine that
software and infrastructure changes were authorized,
formally documented, tested, reviewed, and approved
prior to being implemented in the production
environment.

No exceptions noted.

Access to migrate changes to production is restricted to
authorized personnel. Developers must have changes
reviewed prior to migration in production.

Inspected system access listings, inquired of
management, and compared each user's level of
access to their job role to determine that access to
migrate changes to production was restricted to
authorized personnel.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected system configurations to determine that
developers were required to have changes reviewed
prior to migration in production.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected a sample of patches to the production
environment to determine that infrastructure supporting
the service was patched as a part of routine
maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities.

No exceptions noted.

Infrastructure supporting the service is patched as a
part of routine maintenance and as a result of identified
vulnerabilities to help ensure that servers supporting
the service are hardened against security threats.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

64 / 71

Risk Mitigation

TSC
Reference
CC9.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity identifies, selects, and develops risk mitigation activities for risks arising from potential business disruptions.
A documented risk management program is in place
that includes guidance on the identification of potential
threats, rating the significance of the risks associated
with the identified threats, and mitigation strategies for
those risks.

Inspected the risk management policy to determine that
a program had been established around the
identification of potential threats, rating the significance
of the risks associated with the identified threats, and
mitigation strategies for those risks.

No exceptions noted.

Security incident response policies and procedures are
documented and provide guidance to Company
personnel for detecting, responding to, and recovering
from security events and incidents.

Inspected the security incident response policies and
procedures to determine that they were documented
and provided guidance to Company personnel for
detecting, responding to, and recovering from security
events and incidents.

No exceptions noted.

The incident response plan is tested at least annually
to assess the effectiveness of the incident response
program.

Inspected the incident response plan test results to
determine that the incident response plan was tested
during the period to assess the effectiveness of the
incident response program.

No exceptions noted.

Business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR)
plans are documented to support continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions. BC/DR roles
and responsibilities have been assigned to appropriate
individuals, and the continuity and recovery of critical
services and business processes is based on a
strategy approved by senior management. The plans
are tested at least annually.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
plans were documented to support the continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
roles and responsibilities had been assigned to
appropriate individuals and the continuity and recovery
of critical services and business processes was based
on a strategy approved by senior management.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected results from the BC/DR plan testing to
determine that testing was performed during the period.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

65 / 71

Risk Mitigation

TSC
Reference

CC9.2

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

A multi-location strategy is employed for production
environments to permit the resumption of operations at
other Company data centers in the event of the loss of
a facility.

Inspected multi-location deployment configurations to
determine that the Company employed a multi-location
strategy for its production environments to permit the
resumption of operations at other Company data
centers in the event of the loss of a facility.

No exceptions noted.

Databases are replicated to a secondary data center or
secondary availability zone in real time. Alerts are
configured to notify administrators if replication fails.

Inspected database configurations and monitoring
dashboards to determine that databases were
replicated to a secondary data center or secondary
availability zone in real time and alerts were configured
to notify administrators if replication failed.

No exceptions noted.

The entity assesses and manages risks associated with vendors and business partners.
Elements of the Company’s control environment are
performed by Microsoft Azure, which are carved out for
the purposes of this report.

Not applicable.

Not applicable.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

66 / 71

Additional Criteria for Availability
Availability

TSC
Reference
A1.1

A1.2

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

The entity maintains, monitors, and evaluates current processing capacity and use of system components (infrastructure, data, and
software) to manage capacity demand and to enable the implementation of additional capacity to help meet its objectives.
System capacity is evaluated continuously, and system
changes are implemented to help ensure that
processing capacity can meet demand.

Inspected auto-scaling configurations and
configurations of system capacity evaluation to
determine that system capacity was evaluated
continuously and system changes were implemented to
help ensure that processing capacity could meet
demand.

No exceptions noted.

An infrastructure monitoring tool is utilized to monitor
system or infrastructure availability and performance
and generates alerts when specific, predefined
thresholds are met.

Inspected the infrastructure monitoring tool
configurations and example alerts to determine that an
infrastructure monitoring tool was utilized to monitor
system or infrastructure availability and performance
and generated alerts when specific, predefined
thresholds were met.

No exceptions noted.

The entity authorizes, designs, develops or acquires, implements, operates, approves, maintains, and monitors environmental protections,
software, data backup processes, and recovery infrastructure to meet its objectives.
Hourly differential and weekly full backups are
configured for data stores housing sensitive customer
data. Alerts are configured to notify administrators of
failed backups for investigation and resolution.

Inspected backup configurations to determine that
hourly differential and weekly full backups were
configured for data stores housing sensitive customer
data.

No exceptions noted.

A portion of this control did not operate during the
period. No backup failures occurred.

Inspected backup failure alert configurations and
example alerts to determine that alerts were configured
to notify administrators of failed backups.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

67 / 71

Availability

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Inquired of management and inspected backup
documentation to determine that the circumstances
that warrant the operation of the control did not occur
during the period. As a result, no testing could be
performed to determine whether backup failures were
investigated and resolved.

Not tested. No backup
failures were identified
during the period.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
plans were documented to support the continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
roles and responsibilities had been assigned to
appropriate individuals and the continuity and recovery
of critical services and business processes was based
on a strategy approved by senior management.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected results from the BC/DR plan testing to
determine that testing was performed during the period.

No exceptions noted.

A multi-location strategy is employed for production
environments to permit the resumption of operations at
other Company data centers in the event of the loss of
a facility.

Inspected multi-location deployment configurations to
determine that the Company employed a multi-location
strategy for its production environments to permit the
resumption of operations at other Company data
centers in the event of the loss of a facility.

No exceptions noted.

Databases are replicated to a secondary data center or
secondary availability zone in real time. Alerts are
configured to notify administrators if replication fails.

Inspected database configurations and monitoring
dashboards to determine that databases were
replicated to a secondary data center or secondary
availability zone in real time and alerts were configured
to notify administrators if replication failed.

No exceptions noted.

Business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR)
plans are documented to support continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions. BC/DR roles
and responsibilities have been assigned to appropriate
individuals, and the continuity and recovery of critical
services and business processes is based on a
strategy approved by senior management. The plans
are tested at least annually.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

68 / 71

Availability

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities
Formal procedures are documented that outline the
process the Company's staff follows to back up and
recover customer data.

A1.3

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Inspected backup and recovery procedures to
determine that formal procedures were documented
that outlined the process the Company's staff followed
to back up and recover customer data.

No exceptions noted.

The entity tests recovery plan procedures supporting system recovery to meet its objectives.
Data backup restoration tests are performed at least
annually to verify data reliability and information
integrity.

Inspected the data backup restoration test results to
determine that data backup restoration tests were
performed during the period to verify data reliability and
information integrity.

No exceptions noted.

Business continuity and disaster recovery (BC/DR)
plans are documented to support continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions. BC/DR roles
and responsibilities have been assigned to appropriate
individuals, and the continuity and recovery of critical
services and business processes is based on a
strategy approved by senior management. The plans
are tested at least annually.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
plans were documented to support the continuity and
recovery of critical services and business processes
after unexpected business interruptions.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the BC/DR plans to determine that BC/DR
roles and responsibilities had been assigned to
appropriate individuals and the continuity and recovery
of critical services and business processes was based
on a strategy approved by senior management.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected results from the BC/DR plan testing to
determine that testing was performed during the period.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected backup and recovery procedures to
determine that formal procedures were documented
that outlined the process the Company's staff followed
to back up and recover customer data.

No exceptions noted.

Formal procedures are documented that outline the
process the Company's staff follows to back up and
recover customer data.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

69 / 71

Additional Criteria for Confidentiality
Confidentiality

TSC
Reference
C1.1

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Results of Tests

The entity identifies and maintains confidential information to meet the entity’s objectives related to confidentiality.
A data classification policy is documented to help
ensure that confidential data is properly secured and
restricted to authorized personnel.

Inspected the data classification policy to determine
that a data classification policy was documented to
help ensure that confidential data was properly secured
and restricted to authorized personnel.

No exceptions noted.

Confidential or sensitive customer data is prohibited by
policy from being used or stored in non-production
systems or environments.

Inspected the data classification policy to determine
that confidential or sensitive customer data was
prohibited by policy from being used or stored in nonproduction systems or environments.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected system configurations and observed the test
environment to determine that only test data was used
in non-production systems or environments.

No exceptions noted.

Inspected the data retention and disposal procedures
to determine that data retention and disposal
procedures were documented to guide the secure
retention and disposal of Company and customer data.

No exceptions noted.

Formal data retention and disposal procedures are
documented to guide the secure retention and disposal
of Company and customer data.
C1.2

Service Auditor’s Tests

The entity disposes of confidential information to meet the entity’s objectives related to confidentiality.
Electronic media containing confidential information is
purged or destroyed, and certificates of destruction are
issued or evidence of the purging or destruction is
retained for each device destroyed.

Inspected certificates of destruction for a sample of
purged or destroyed media to determine that electronic
media containing confidential information was purged
or destroyed and certificates of destruction were issued
or evidence of the purging or destruction was retained
for each device destroyed.

Carve-out to Azure

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

70 / 71

Confidentiality

TSC
Reference

Trust Services Criteria and Applicable Control
Activities

Service Auditor’s Tests

Results of Tests

Customer data in the application, metadata, and data
stored in data backups are deleted when customers
leave the service in accordance with contractual
agreements.

Inspected tickets for data removal or purging for a
sample of customers who left the service to determine
that customer data in the application, metadata, and
data stored in data backups were deleted when
customers left the service in accordance with
contractual agreements.

No exceptions noted.

Trust Services Criteria, Related Controls and Tests of Controls Relevant to the Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Categories

71 / 71

