--- Page 1 ---
 
 
 
 
Microsoft Corporation—Microsoft 365 
Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) 
Report 
October 1, 2023, through September 30, 2024 
 
 
 
== Microsoft
Deloitte.


--- Page 2 ---
 
 
 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Independent Accountant’s Examination Report 
1 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
5 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its M365 System 
7 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its C5 Objectives and Related Controls, and 
Independent Accountant’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results 
37 
Section 5: Supplemental Information Provided by Management of Microsoft 
164 
 
 
 


--- Page 3 ---
 
 
 
Executive Summary 
Microsoft Corporation — Microsoft 365 
Scope 
Microsoft 365 (M365) 
Period of Examination 
October 1, 2023, through September 30, 2024 
C5 Objectives 
Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik Cloud 
Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue 2020 (C5) 
Locations 
Redmond, WA 
Subservice Providers 
Yes – Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) including Microsoft Datacenters 
Opinion Result 
Unqualified 
Controls with Testing 
Exceptions 
8 
Complementary User-Entity 
Controls 
Yes – See Page 32 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Yes – See Page 34 


--- Page 4 ---
 
 
 
 
  
Section 1: 
Independent Accountant’s Examination 
Report


--- Page 5 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 1 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
1015 Second Avenue, Suite 500 
Seattle, WA 98104  
Tel: +1 206 716 7000 
Fax: +1 206 965 7000 
www.deloitte.com 
 
 
 
Section 1: Independent Accountant’s Examination Report  
 
 
Microsoft Corporation 
One Microsoft Way 
Redmond, WA 98052-6399 
 
Scope 
We have examined Microsoft Corporation’s (“Microsoft”) assertion that its controls related to in-scope services 
for Microsoft 365 (“M365”) were suitably designed and operating effectively to provide reasonable assurance 
that the control objectives set forth in the Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik’s (“BSI”) Cloud 
Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue 2020 (“C5 objectives”) would be achieved throughout the period 
October 1, 2023, to September 30, 2024. Microsoft’s management is responsible for its assertion. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on management’s assertion based on our examination. 
In Section 3 of the report, management presents a Description of the System (the “Description”). The Description 
includes an explanation of the M365 services, the applicable C5 objectives and criteria, and Microsoft’s controls. 
The information in Section 5, “Supplemental Information Provided by Management of Microsoft” is presented by 
management of Microsoft to provide additional information and is not a part of the Description. Information in 
Section 5 has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of management’s assertion and 
the suitability of the design of controls to achieve the applicable C5 objectives. 
For its M365 system, Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) including the Microsoft Datacenters service 
(“subservice organization”) for its hosting of physical and virtual servers, network management, data protection, 
and storage services. The Description indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that are 
suitably designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve the C5 
objectives. The Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable C5 objectives, and the types of 
complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description 
does not disclose the actual controls at the subservice organization. Our examination did not include the services 
provided by the subservice organization, and we have not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating 
effectiveness of such complementary subservice organization controls. 
The Description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve the C5 objectives. The Description presents 
Microsoft’s controls, the objectives set forth in C5, and the complementary user entity controls assumed in the 
design of Microsoft’s controls. Our examination did not extend to such complementary user entity controls, and 
we have not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of such complementary user entity 
controls. 
Microsoft’s Responsibilities 
In Section 2 of the report, management of Microsoft has provided an assertion regarding its Microsoft 365 
environment throughout the period October 1, 2023, to September 30, 2024, based on the objectives identified 
Deloitte.


--- Page 6 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 2 
in the management assertion. Management of Microsoft is responsible for preparing the Description and its 
assertion, including the completeness, accuracy, and method of presentation of the Description and the 
assertion; providing the services covered by the Description, specifying the controls that meet the applicable C5 
objectives and stating them in the Description, identifying any applicable C5 objectives and stating them in the 
Description and explaining the reason for omission, and designing, implementing, and documenting controls to 
meet the applicable C5 objectives. 
Independent Accountant’s Responsibilities 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management’s assertion based on our examination. Our 
examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects. An 
examination involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about management’s assertion. The nature, 
timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of management’s assertion, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence 
we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Our procedures also included testing the design and operating effectiveness of those controls that we consider 
necessary to provide reasonable assurance that the requirements of the C5 objectives would be met, if controls 
operated effectively. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Independent Accountant’s Independence and Quality Control 
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of 
Professional Conduct established by the AICPA. We have complied with those requirements. We applied the 
Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and, accordingly, maintain a comprehensive 
system of quality control. 
Inherent Limitations 
The Description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad range of report users and therefore may not 
include every aspect of the system that each individual report user may consider important to meet their 
informational needs. There are inherent limitations in any system of internal control, including the possibility of 
human error and the circumvention of controls. 
Because of their nature and inherent limitations, controls at Microsoft Corporation may not always operate 
effectively to meet the applicable C5 objectives. Also, the projection to the future of any conclusions about the 
suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls to meet the applicable C5 objectives is subject to 
the risks that the system may change or that controls at Microsoft may become inadequate or fail.  
Description of Tests of Controls 
The specific controls tested, and the nature, timing, and results of those tests are listed in Section 4 of the report. 
Emphasis of a Matter – Cyber Incident 
Microsoft has publicly acknowledged cyberattacks by a state-sponsored entity known as Midnight Blizzard. 
Passwords and other secrets were exfiltrated, allowing access to certain source code repositories, additional 
secrets, databases, and applications. Microsoft acknowledged that certain passwords, secrets, and code 
repositories relevant to this report were accessed or exfiltrated. Microsoft represented that these passwords and 


--- Page 7 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 3 
secrets have been rotated or remediated. Microsoft also stated that code repository access gained by the threat 
actor was not and cannot be used to make production changes. We inspected certain listings provided by 
Microsoft of applications, resources, and code repositories impacted by these incidents, including those aligned 
to passwords and secrets that were accessed. We did not identify evidence that contradicts Microsoft’s 
explanations and representations. Microsoft has determined that the incident was closed on October 15, 2024. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, management’s assertion stated below is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the 
specified control objectives set forth in management’s assertion.  
Restricted Use 
This report is intended solely for the information and use of management of Microsoft or user entities of the 
Microsoft 365 system of Microsoft, and our report is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other 
than the Company or user entities of the Microsoft 365 system of Microsoft; nor will it be made available to any 
other persons or entities, or included, incorporated by reference, or referred to, in any filings with regulators. This 
report is not intended to be, and should not be, used by anyone other than these specified parties. 
 
March 31, 2025
Delete t Touche LLP


--- Page 8 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 4 
 
 
Section 2:  
Management of Microsoft’s 
Assertion 


--- Page 9 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Independent Accountant’s Examination Report - Page 5 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
Management of Microsoft Corporation’s Assertion 
For the period from 10/1/2023 to 9/30/2024 
We have identified the objectives we used to evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of the controls 
which are the risks that threaten the achievement of the specified Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der 
Informationstechnik’s (“BSI”) Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue 2020 objectives (“C5 objectives”). 
We have prepared the description of the system in Section 3 of Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) throughout 
the period October 1, 2023, to September 30, 2024, related to in-scope Microsoft 365 services (the 
“Description”). 
The Description is intended to provide users with information about our system that may be useful when 
assessing the risks arising from interactions with Microsoft’s system, particularly information about system 
controls that Microsoft has designed, implemented, and operated to provide reasonable assurance that the 
requirements of the C5 objectives would be achieved, if controls operated effectively.  
For its M365 system, Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) including the Microsoft Datacenters service for its 
hosting of physical and virtual servers, network management, data protection and storage services (“subservice 
organization”). The Description indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably 
designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve the requirements 
related to the C5 objectives. The Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable C5 objectives, and the 
types of complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The 
Description does not disclose the actual controls at the subservice organization. The Description does not extend 
to controls of the subservice organization. 
The Description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve the requirements related to the C5 
objectives. The Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable C5 objectives, and the complementary 
user entity controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description does not extend to controls of 
the user entities. 
 
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that the controls were suitably designed and operating 
effectively throughout the period October 1, 2023, to September 30, 2024, to provide reasonable assurance that 
the requirements of the C5 objectives would be achieved, if controls operated effectively.
Microsoft Corporation
Tel 425 882 8080
One Microsoft Way
Fax 425 706 7329
Redmond, WA 98052-6399
www.microsoft.com
BE Microsoft


--- Page 10 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Independent Accountant’s Examination Report - Page 6 
 
Section 3: 
Management of Microsoft’s Description 
of Its M365 System 
 


--- Page 11 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 7 
 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its 
M365 System 
Overview of Operations 
Business Description  
Microsoft Corporation’s (“Microsoft”) Microsoft 365 (“M365”) service is a subscription-based business software 
service hosted by Microsoft and sold directly, or with partners, to various customers worldwide. M365 services 
are designed to provide performance, scalability, security, management capabilities, and service levels required 
for mission-critical applications and systems used by business organizations. 
Customers subscribe to a standard set of features and services which are hosted in a shared, multi-tenant 
environment. The Microsoft 365 Enterprise Cloud (M365) is a complete, intelligent solution designed for the 
needs of large and midsize organizations. It combines cloud-based applications with productivity services, 
including the latest Office applications, and a full suite of online services for Operating systems, email, file storage, 
collaboration, and meetings. 
This includes the Government Community Cloud, an M365 offering designed for US government customers. Also 
included is the Government Community Cloud High and Department of Defense offering, in which customers 
subscribe to a standard set of features hosted in a multi-tenant environment designed for the US Federal 
government, defense industry, aerospace industry, and government contractors, to provide United States 
International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) support and meet Defense Information Systems Agency 
requirements. 
Additionally, M365 is part of the Microsoft Cloud for Financial Services offering. Microsoft Cloud for Financial 
Services provides capabilities to manage data to deliver differentiated experiences, empower employees, and 
combat financial crime. It also facilitates security, compliance, and interoperability. This set of cloud-based 
solutions enhances collaboration, automation, and insights to streamline processes; personalizes every customer 
interaction; improves customer experience; and delivers rich data insights. The data model enables Microsoft’s 
partners and customers to extend the value of the platform with additional solutions to address the financial 
industry’s most urgent challenges. These capabilities will help organizations align to business and operational 
needs, and then deploy quickly to accelerate time to value Microsoft Cloud for Financial Services.  Its capabilities 
(Unified Customer Profile, Customer Onboarding, and Collaboration Manager) are built atop Azure, Microsoft 
Dynamics 365, Microsoft Power Platform, and Microsoft 365 offerings. Azure, Microsoft Dynamics 365, and 
Microsoft Power Platform are not part of the scope of this report. 
M365 is physically hosted in Microsoft-managed datacenters. Microsoft Datacenters is an organization within 
Microsoft, that provides hosting and network support solutions for the M365 environment. Microsoft Azure 
(“Azure”) is an organization within Microsoft that provides supporting services for the M365 applications 
including authentication, virtual server hosting, and system data storage and protection. Microsoft Datacenters is 
managed and run by Azure and both services are treated as one subservice organization (Azure) but will be 
referred to separately in this report to clarify which part of the Azure organization is responsible for the different 
services. Both services are audited separately and therefore are not within the scope of this report. 
The following services are provided to all M365 customers: 
• 
Email access and productivity tools 
• 
Team communication and collaboration 


--- Page 12 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 8 
 
• 
Document and other file storage 
• 
Documents viewed and edited in a Web browser 
• 
Hosted Operating systems 
• 
Intelligent Platform features 
M365 streamlines workflow for customers by providing them with added security, increased email accessibility, 
and easy team collaboration by providing hosted messaging and collaboration solutions. 
Applicability of the Report  
This report has been prepared to provide information on M365’s internal controls that may be relevant to the 
requirements of its customers and affect the processing of user entities’ transactions. The detail herein is 
intended to meet the common requirements of a broad range of users and may not, therefore, include every 
aspect of the system that each customer may consider important. Furthermore, detail is limited to the controls in 
operation over the system as defined in the M365 scope boundary described below. The authorized users of the 
system supporting the internal controls are limited to M365 personnel. This report covers the software offerings 
described in the sections below. 
Infrastructure 
All M365 services are hosted on a combination of the following subservice organizations within Microsoft: 
Microsoft Datacenters Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Azure’s IaaS and Platform as a Service (PaaS). 
For Microsoft Datacenters hosting, the physical servers are owned by M365, the operating system (OS) and 
software are managed by M365, and network layer and network layer protections are implemented by Microsoft 
Datacenters. 
For Azure’s IaaS hosting, M365 is responsible for the OS and database management. For Azure PaaS hosting, 
M365 is responsible for limited configuration of the OS while Azure is responsible for database and storage setup 
and maintenance, and overall OS setup and protections. Network layer protections are implemented by Azure for 
both IaaS and PaaS and are managed in coordination with Azure.  
In both cases, Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for physical and environmental security. In addition, Azure 
PaaS provides customer authentication and rights management services through Microsoft Entra ID (formerly 
Azure Active Directory (AAD)). The controls managed by Microsoft Datacenters and Azure are audited separately 
and therefore not in the scope of this report. 
 
 


--- Page 13 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 9 
 
 
Software  
M365 includes the following SaaS offerings: 
• 
Bing Teams – A set of services related to the Bing platform that performs integration services for other 
M365 services and functions. These services include Falcon, ObjectStore, Enterprise News – One Service, 
and Semantic Fabric. 
• 
Customer Lockbox – An access control technology designed to provide customer control and 
transparency over access to customer content. 
Bing Teams 
  
  
Microsoft 365 
Software as a Service (SaaS) 
Microsoft Azure 
Platform as a Service (PaaS) 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) 
Microsoft Defender for Office 
365  
Productivity Applications and 
Services 
Viva Learning  
Educational Services (EDU)  
Microsoft Forms  
Query Annotation Services 
(QAS) 
Whiteboard  
Exchange Online (EXO)  
Microsoft Priva  
Search Content Service (SCS) 
Windows 365 
  
Exchange Online Protection 
(EOP)  
Microsoft Purview  
Service Encryption with 
Customer Key 
Customer Lockbox  
Bing Teams 
Viva Glint 
SharePoint Online (SPO)   
Viva Insights  
Loki  
Microsoft Sway  
M365 Usage Reports  
Microsoft Defender for Cloud 
Apps  
Microsoft Teams  
Outlook Web App (OWA)  
Microsoft Planner 
Office for the web  
Remote Help 
IDEAs Personalization 
Runtime Service (IPS-RT)  
Viva Goals 
Viva Pulse  


--- Page 14 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 10 
 
• 
Educational Services (EDU) – 
o Insights – Insights in Microsoft Teams uses at-a-glance data views to help educators provide rich 
insights to their students’ Teams activity, from assignment turn-in to engagement in class 
conversations and their emotional wellbeing. 
o Microsoft LMS Gateway – Microsoft LMS Gateway allows admins to manage all their Learning 
Tools Interoperability (LTI) apps from Microsoft with their Learning Management System (LMS). 
o OneDrive LTI – The Microsoft OneDrive LTI integrates with Learning Management Systems to 
bring Microsoft OneDrive and Microsoft 365 directly into their most important workflows that 
include attaching resources and organizing content, starting collaborative documents, creating 
and grading assignments and fully compliant with latest LTI standards.  
o Reading Progress/Assignments – Reading Progress is a service designed to help students build 
confidence and reading fluency through personalized reading experiences built into Assignments 
in Microsoft Teams. 
o School Data Sync (SDS) – A free service in Microsoft 365 for Education that reads the school and 
roster data from a school’s Student Information System (SIS). A sync and management tool for 
School IT, it allows a school to save time in syncing their class information with other Microsoft 
education services in a secured and compliant way. 
o Math Recognizer/Solver – Math services that assists learners in creating or solving math 
equations using handwritten math expressions in Microsoft Word or OneNote, that returns 
expressions in math format. 
o Search Coach – Helps students learn how to form effective search queries, find trusted sites, and 
think critically about their results in an ad-free environment. 
• 
Exchange Online (EXO) – An email service. 
• 
Exchange Online Protection (EOP) – A service providing security features, such as antivirus, antimalware, 
and antispam filtering for Exchange. 
• 
IDEAs Personalization Runtime Service (IPS-RT) – Enables Enterprise Tenant Admins, via administrator 
portals like Microsoft Intune in Azure, to deliver personalized messages to their internal end users on 
various Microsoft product experiences such as the start menu, taskbar, or logon notifications. 
• 
Loki – A low-latency backend service, also known as Personal Service Cards, which powers Live Persona 
Cards displayed by hovering the mouse over contacts, delivering personalized and contextual 
information. 
• 
M365 Usage Reports – A service offering for tenant administrators to be able to show the adoption of 
M365 purchases within their tenant.  
• 
Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps – A service providing security features supporting the M365 internal 
and external services, including App Governance. 
• 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365 – A cloud-based service designed to protect against email threats like 
phishing, business email compromise, and malware. Key features include Advanced Hunting, Attack 
Simulation and Training, and One Cyber endpoint protection. The service offers tools for investigation, 
hunting, and remediation to help security teams manage threats efficiently.  
• 
Microsoft Forms – Create surveys, quizzes, and polls with real-time results, built-in response analytics, 
and export to Excel. 
• 
Microsoft Planner – Provides a visual way to organize teamwork with simplified task management. 


--- Page 15 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 11 
 
• 
Microsoft Priva – A service that provides personal data protection, automated privacy risk mitigation, and 
management of subject rights requests at scale. 
• 
Microsoft Purview – A family of data governance, risk, and compliance solutions that helps organizations 
govern, protect, and manage their entire data estate. The following Microsoft Purview solutions are 
included within the scope of this report: Auditing, Communication Compliance, Compliance Manager, 
Data Lifecycle Management, Records Management, Data Loss Prevention, eDiscovery, Information 
Protection, Unified Feedback Platform, Insider Risk Management, Data Classification Services, Exact Data 
Match, and ML Inference.  
• 
Microsoft Sway – Digital storytelling application for creating interactive reports, presentations, personal 
stories, and more. 
• 
Microsoft Teams – A communication service that offers a threaded persistent chat experience that builds 
on M365’s group infrastructure, global scale, enterprise grade security, and graph driven intelligence. 
Microsoft Teams is also referred to as Azure Communication Service (ACS). 
• 
Office for the web (formerly known as Office Online) – Enables users to view and edit Word, Excel, 
PowerPoint, OneNote, and Visio documents online via a web browser.  
• 
Outlook Web App (OWA) – A web client for accessing Microsoft 365 email. 
• 
Productivity Applications and Services – 
o Office Collaboration – A background service which facilitates the updates and presence information 
from multiple users editing a document.  
o OneNote Services – A suite of background microservices which enhance the functionality in OneNote 
desktop, mobile, and web clients.  
o Real Time Channel – A background service which facilitates the near real-time updates from users 
editing a document. 
o PowerPoint Online Document Service (PODS) – A background service which provides thumbnails of 
Office files for use in SharePoint. 
o Tasks – Business Scenario Service – A service supporting extensibility scenarios within the Tasks 
platform through a common API. 
• 
Query Annotation Services (QAS) – An ML and Classification platform, giving intent signals and tagging for 
various search entry-points in Bing and Cortana. 
• 
Remote Help - A cloud-based remote assistance solution that enables help desk connections within a 
tenant, including strong authentication and security, role-based access controls, device compliance 
checks, and session reporting. 
• 
Search Content Service (SCS) – An M365 backend service for Search Settings for OneDrive for Business 
and SharePoint. 
• 
Service Encryption with Customer Key – A service providing customers with two application-level 
encryption options for customer content at rest within the Exchange and SharePoint environments: 
Service Encryption with Microsoft-owned encryption keys and Service Encryption with customer-owned 
encryption keys (“Customer Keys”). 
• 
SharePoint Online (SPO) – A solution for creating websites to share documents and information with 
colleagues and customers. This information and documentation repository includes OneDrive, Microsoft 
365 Backup, and Project Online. This also includes Viva Topics, a unified knowledge and content 


--- Page 16 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 12 
 
experience across M365 and Viva Connections, which provides a personalized destination for employees 
to discover other Viva applications, relevant news, conversations, and the tools they need to succeed. 
• 
Viva Glint – Improve engagement and performance with recommended actions and data-driven insights 
across employee lifecycle and organization-wide surveys. 
• 
Viva Goals – A goal-alignment solution using the Objective and Key Results (OKR) framework to connect 
team-level goals with organization strategic priorities.  
• 
Viva Insights – 
o Personal Insights – Helps identify opportunities to build better work habits with personalized 
insights. Users can prioritize well-being with actionable recommendations, such as reserving time 
for focused work, taking regular breaks, and practicing mindfulness. 
o Manager and Leader Insights – Helps people and businesses thrive with data-driven, privacy-
protected insights, and recommendations to improve productivity and wellbeing. This includes 
the following Viva Insights services: 
 
Team Insights – Provides much-needed visibility into work patterns that might lead to 
burnout and stress, such as regular after-hours work, meeting overload, or too little focus 
time. Users can use these insights to help teams strike a balance between productivity 
and wellbeing. 
 
Organization Insights – Help business leaders address critical questions about 
organizational resiliency and work culture with insight into how work impacts their 
people and their business. These help leaders take steps to protect employee wellbeing 
and see opportunities where a change in process could improve business outcomes. 
o Advanced Insights – Provides advanced analysis tools for deep-diving into data that’s shown both 
within Microsoft Teams and the Viva Insights application. The advanced analysis tools available in 
the application include different ways of analyzing and reporting custom analysis to an 
organization’s business leaders. 
• 
Viva Learning – Discover, share, and track learning across a variety of sources from a center of learning in 
Microsoft Teams. 
• 
Viva Pulse – Empower managers to get feedback quickly and take action using brief team and project-
based surveys in Microsoft Teams and on the web.  
• 
Whiteboard – A service that allows users to draw and mark up documents like they are using a physical 
whiteboard. 
• 
Windows 365 – Microsoft’s Windows 365 (aka "Cloud PC") is a Microsoft cloud-based virtual machine 
service that allows customers to securely stream a customer designated Windows desktop experience 
(including personalized apps, content, and settings), to a user's device. 
M365 uses the following to support the above offerings: 
• 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Remote Access – A set of servers providing remote access to M365 service 
production environments via authorized two-factor authentication and encryption. 
• 
Identity Manager (IDM) – An access management service providing an integrated and broad solution for 
managing M365 user identities and associated credentials for all M365 services (with the exception of 
some service teams, which also leverage OneIdentity through the Azure offering). 


--- Page 17 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 13 
 
• 
Intelligent Conversation and Communications Cloud (IC3) – A supporting service for Microsoft Teams 
service allowing first-party real-time conversation products including audio and video calling, meetings, 
and chat services. 
• 
Office Services Infrastructure (OSI) – A platform for backend applications including deployment, hosting, 
and monitoring infrastructure applications. 
• 
Vanquish – Internal service providing security monitoring and intrusion detection for M365 services. 
• 
Substrate Intelligence Platform (SIP) – A secure platform that enables M365 product teams to train and 
deploy intelligent features. 
• 
Containers on Substrate Managed Intelligent Clusters (Cosmic) – A non-customer facing internal M365 
capability that provides a centralized and standard mechanism for service teams to deploy their Azure-
based applications and containers to meet the M365 business compliance policies. 
In addition to the product software, the following utilities are used by the service teams to execute controls 
relevant to the M365 system but are not directly covered in this report: 
• 
Employee Cloud Screening (ECS) – A Human Resources (HR) SAP interface used by Microsoft Human 
Resources that hosts employee background check information that synchronizes with IDM databases to 
limit user access to eligibilities based on background check status. 
• 
Substrate, Office Substrate Pulse (OSP) – A platform and system tools for centrally managing and hosting 
applications and services that are used internally by M365 and by customers.  
• 
Qualys – Scanning systems used to identify and resolve security vulnerabilities within the M365 
environment. 
• 
CorpFIM/IDWeb, OneIdentity, and Torus – M365 user management tools used to grant temporary user 
access time-bound permissions and access to sensitive systems, including access to customer content. 
• 
Remote Desktop Services – The accepted method for Microsoft personnel to gain logical access to the 
M365 environment remotely using Remote Desktop Gateways (RDGs). 
• 
Griffin, M365SuiteUX Environments and Release Dashboard, PilotFish, and Azure DevOps – Change 
management tools used by service and support teams to track and deploy code changes to production 
environments.  
• 
Aria, Geneva, Incident Manager (IcM), and Jarvis – Dashboards and alerting systems that monitor the 
capacity and availability of the servers and services based on pre-determined capacity and availability 
thresholds. In the event of a breach of a capacity or availability threshold, automated alerts are generated 
and communicated to the service team’s respective on-call engineer for tracking and remediation. 
Additionally, they provide a visual representation of major/minor system releases across various stages 
including preproduction, testing, and production. 
• 
M365 UAR Tool – A user access review tool designed to enable service teams to identify resources and 
perform a review of privileged access. 
People  
M365 personnel are organized into service teams that develop and maintain the application and the support 
teams that provide supporting services for system operations.  
Each service and support team for M365 has defined responsibilities and accountabilities to manage the security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality of the applications. The teams include the following groups: 


--- Page 18 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 14 
 
• 
Access Security – Personnel that maintain Active Directory (AD) services, authentication rules and user 
access. Operates the IDM tool to provide access control automation for all teams (excluding some service 
teams that utilize OneIdentity through the Azure offering). 
• 
Change Management – Development, testing, and project management teams tasked with developing 
and maintaining the M365 applications and supporting services. 
• 
Data Redundancy – Personnel for configuring and monitoring the replication and redundancy of specified 
internal and customer content for data availability, business continuity, and resiliency. 
• 
Security and Availability Monitoring – Personnel that monitor the incidents that affect the security and 
availability of M365 applications and supporting services. 
In addition to service teams, centralized support teams provide specialized functions for the services, including 
the following:  
• 
Enterprise Business Continuity Management (EBCM) – A single resource to assist M365 teams in 
analyzing continuity and disaster recovery requirements, documenting procedures, and conducting 
testing of established procedures. 
• 
M365 Security – Manages cross-platform security functions, such as security incident response, security 
monitoring, and vulnerability scanning. This team also develops and enforces the Secure Development 
Lifecycle process for M365 applications and support services. 
• 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) – Identifies, documents, and advises teams in implementing 
controls to maintain M365’s availability and security commitments to its customers. 
• 
Digital Security and Resilience (DSR) – Provides the access control and authentication mechanism for 
some service teams via OneIdentity. 
• 
Azure – Provides customer authentication infrastructure including Microsoft Online Directory Services, 
Microsoft Organization ID, and Microsoft Entra ID (formerly AAD). 
• 
Microsoft 365 Remote Access – Provides internal users remote access control and authentication to the 
M365 environment. 
Procedures 
M365 adheres to Microsoft Corporation’s Security Policy, which is owned by the Information Risk Management 
Council (IRMC), comprised of business and security leaders across the company and approved by the IRMC chair, 
who is also the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) for Microsoft. This policy defines accountability and 
responsibility for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses: 
• 
Human resources security 
• 
Asset management 
• 
Access control 
• 
Cryptography 
• 
Physical and environmental security 
• 
Operations security 
• 
Communications security 
• 
Systems acquisition, development, and 
maintenance 
• 
Supplier relationships 
• 
Information security incident management 
• 
Business continuity management 
• 
Compliance  
M365 uses National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standard 800 -53 for baseline control 
procedures, which are documented in the M365 control framework. Control measures above and beyond NIST 
800 -53 are included to address the full range of Microsoft contractual and regulatory commitments. The 
framework covers the following areas: 


--- Page 19 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 15 
 
• 
Access Control 
• 
Accountability, Audit, and Risk 
• 
Authority and Purpose 
• 
Awareness and Training 
• 
Configuration Management 
• 
Contingency Planning 
• 
Data Minimization and Retention 
• 
Data Portability 
• 
Data Quality and Integrity 
• 
Geographic Boundaries 
• 
Identification and Authentication 
• 
Incident Response 
• 
Individual Participation and Redress 
• 
Maintenance 
• 
Media Protection  
• 
Personnel Security 
• 
Physical Access 
• 
Program Management 
• 
Risk Assessment 
• 
Security 
• 
Security Assessment 
• 
Security Planning 
• 
System Access 
• 
System and Communication Security 
• 
System and Information Integrity 
• 
System and Services Acquisition 
• 
Use Limitation 
In addition to the above procedures, manual and automated control activities are described in the section 
“Description of Control Activities” below. 
Data  
M365 customer content is maintained in Azure and SQL server databases. Each service and support team is 
responsible for managing the security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality of the data in Azure or 
on the database servers. The table below details the data classifications for this report and the M365 
environment.  
 
Data Classification 
Definition 
Access Control Data 
Data used to manage access to administrative roles or sensitive functions. 
Customer Content 
This is the data, information, and code that admins and users provide to, transfers 
in, stores in or process in the Microsoft online service or product. 
End User Identifiable 
Information (EUII) 
Data that directly identifies or could be used to identify the authenticated user of 
a Microsoft service. 
Organization Identifiable 
Information (OII) 
Data that can be used to identify a particular tenant/Azure 
subscription/deployment/organization (generally configuration or usage data): 
- Not linkable to an individual user 
- Does not contain Customer Content 
System Metadata 
Data generated in the course of running the service, not linkable to a user or 
tenant. Does not contain Access Control Data, Customer Content, EUII, OII, or 
Account Data. 
Account Data 
Contact and billing/purchase/payment/license information for the enterprise, 
including the admin and any subdelegated admins. 


--- Page 20 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 16 
 
Control Environment  
Integrity and Ethical Values  
Corporate governance at Microsoft starts with a Board of Directors that establishes, maintains, and monitors 
standards and policies for ethics, business practices, and compliance that span the company. Corporate 
governance at Microsoft serves several purposes: 
• 
To establish and preserve management accountability to Microsoft’s owners by distributing rights and 
responsibilities among Microsoft Board members, managers, and shareholders. 
• 
To provide a structure through which management and the Board set and attain objectives and monitor 
performance. 
• 
To strengthen and safeguard a culture of business integrity and responsible business practices. 
• 
To encourage the efficient use of resources and to require accountability for the stewardship of these 
resources. 
Further information about Microsoft’s general corporate governance is available on the Microsoft website, 
www.microsoft.com. 
Microsoft’s Standards of Business Conduct  
Microsoft’s Standards of Business Conduct (“SBC”) reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and 
regulatory compliance. They summarize the principles and policies that guide Microsoft’s business activities and 
provide information about Microsoft’s Business Conduct and Compliance Program. The SBC was developed in full 
consideration of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley”) and NASDAQ listing requirements related to 
codes of conduct. 
Further information about Microsoft’s SBC is available on the Microsoft website, www.microsoft.com.  
Training and Accountability  
M365 leverages the Microsoft Corporate SBC to provide employees with education and resources to make 
informed business decisions and to act on their decisions with integrity. SBC training and awareness is provided to 
Microsoft employees (including M365), contractors, and third parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on 
applicable policies, standards, and information security practices. Full-time employees must also take a 
mandatory SBC training course upon being hired and again on an annual basis thereafter. In addition, employees 
are required to participate in mandatory security and compliance trainings periodically in order to design, build, 
and operate secure cloud services. 
Microsoft 365 staff and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance 
contained in the Microsoft Security Policy and applicable supporting standards. Individuals not employed by 
M365, but allowed to access, manage, or process information assets of M365 are also accountable for 
understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the Microsoft Security Policy and associated standards. 
Commitment to Competence  
Microsoft hiring managers define job requirements prior to recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Job requirements 
include the primary responsibilities and tasks involved in the job, background characteristics needed to perform 
the job, and personal characteristics required. Once the requirements are determined, managers create a job 
description, which is a profile of the job, and is used to identify potential candidates. When viable candidates are 
identified, the interview process begins to evaluate candidates and to make appropriate hiring decisions. 


--- Page 21 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 17 
 
Microsoft employees create individual accountabilities that align with those of their managers, organizations, and 
Microsoft, and are supported by customer-centric actions and measures so that everyone is working toward the 
same overarching vision. Accountabilities are established when an employee is hired and then updated 
throughout the year according to business circumstances.  
Managers work with their employees to analyze progress against accountabilities and to adjust accountabilities, if 
needed, several times throughout the year. Managers evaluate individual contributions to teams, the business, or 
customer impact, taking into consideration contributions aimed at creating a high performing team and the 
demonstration of competencies relevant to the role. 
Compliance and Ethics — Board of Directors and Senior Leadership  
Compliance and Ethics designs and provides reports to the board of directors on compliance matters. Compliance 
and Ethics also organizes annual meetings with the Senior Leadership team for its compliance review. 
Internal Audit Department  
Microsoft has an Internal Audit (IA) function that reports directly to the Audit Committee (AC) of the board of 
directors, which is constituted solely of independent directors. IA has a formal charter that is reviewed by the AC 
and management. The responsibilities of IA include performing audits and reporting issues and recommendations 
to management and the AC. 
Audit Committee 
The AC charter and responsibilities are on Microsoft’s website, www.microsoft.com. The AC meets privately on a 
quarterly basis with Microsoft’s external auditors and IA. The topics for the quarterly AC meetings are found in 
the AC Responsibilities Calendar set out in the charter. In addition, the AC influences the company through the IA 
function. The AC reviews the scope of IA and advises on the process of identifying and resolving issues. Lastly, the 
AC monitors itself by completing an annual self-evaluation. 
Risk Assessment 
Practices for Identification of Risk 
IA, the Financial Compliance group, and the Finance Risk group perform formal risk identification processes each 
year. These assessments cover risks over financial reporting, fraud, and compliance with laws. 
Internal Audit — Fraud Risks  
IA and the Financial Integrity Unit (FIU) look for fraud risk. The FIU performs procedures for the detection, 
investigation, and prevention of financial fraud affecting Microsoft worldwide. Fraud and abuse that is uncovered 
is reported to the Disclosure Committee. The FIU provides both a reactive and proactive response to allegations 
of fraud and abuse. The FIU uses a case management system that is also used by the Director of Compliance to 
track cases and related metrics. The FIU interacts with Microsoft management, Corporate, External, and Legal 
Affairs (CELA), HR, Finance, Procurement, and others to determine specific fraud risks and responses. 
Periodic Risk Assessment 
IA and other groups within the company perform periodic risk assessments. These assessments are reviewed by 
senior management. 
IA specialization area leaders determine high-priority risks across the company, including risks related to financial 
reporting, operational business processes, and systems controls. Control failures are also analyzed to determine 
whether they give rise to additional risks. 


--- Page 22 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 18 
 
Annual Risk Assessment 
The annual risk assessment process is established to monitor, manage, and mitigate specific business risks related 
to security for customers and partners. Led by the Risk Management office, Microsoft follows an established 
approach to risk management and conducts an annual global risk assessment beginning in the first quarter of 
each fiscal year. The purpose of the annual risk assessment is to identify and prioritize each division’s specific 
strategic and operational risks based on impact, likelihood, and management control. Additionally, accountability 
is established for each risk and mitigation decisions are made at the Corporate Vice President level with 
transparency across the leadership team. 
Compliance and Ethics/IA/Risk Management — Risk Responsibility 
The responsibility for risk is distributed throughout the organization based on each individual group’s services. 
Compliance and Ethics, IA, and the Risk Management Group work together to represent enterprise risk 
management. Through quarterly and year-end reviews, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Corporate Controller 
(and respective groups) review the disclosures and issues that may have arisen. 
Information and Communication 
Internal Communication  
Responsibilities concerning internal control are communicated broadly, which includes Monthly Controller calls, 
All Hands Meetings run by the CFO, and update conference calls held by the Financial Compliance Group with the 
Sarbanes-Oxley extended project team. Responsibilities for compliance with policies are set out in the SBC for 
which a mandatory training has been established for all employees. Additionally, compliance managers meet with 
control owners to make sure they understand the controls for which they are accountable and update the 
controls based on changes in the business environment. 
Office of the CFO — Communications External to the Company 
CFO communications outside the company occur throughout the year and, where applicable, these external 
communications include discussions of the company’s attitude toward sound internal controls. The Office of the 
CFO is responsible for several communications outside of Microsoft including quarterly earnings releases, 
financial analyst meetings, customer visits, outside conferences, and external publications. 
Monitoring 
Compliance and Ethics — Business Conduct Hotline  
There is a confidential and anonymous Business Conduct Hotline available for employees to report issues. The 
hotline is accessible 24 hours per day and 7 days per week through email, phone, fax, and mail. The individual 
may also send a letter or fax reporting the concern to Microsoft’s Director of Compliance. Employees are 
instructed that it is their duty to promptly report concerns of suspected or known violations of the Code of 
Professional Conduct, the SBC, or other Microsoft policies or guidelines. The procedures to be followed for such a 
report are outlined in the SBC and the Whistle Blowing Reporting Procedure and Guidelines in the Employee 
Handbook. Employees are also encouraged to communicate the issue to their manager, senior leadership, CELA 
contact, HR contact, or the Compliance Office. 
Internal Audit  
Microsoft’s IA department provides support to management across the company by independently and 
objectively analyzing whether the objectives of management are adequately performed, as well as facilitating 


--- Page 23 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 19 
 
process improvements and the adoption of business practices, policies, and controls governing worldwide 
operations. 
Monitoring of Subservice Organizations 
M365 uses Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) including the Microsoft Datacenters service, which manages datacenters, 
IaaS, and PaaS supporting services for the M365 applications including hosting of servers, network support, 
authentication, virtual server hosting and system data storage. Note that M365 considers Azure and Microsoft 
Datacenters as two separate organizations within this report and are defined as such. 
The M365 GRC team is responsible for identifying dependencies of each service and monitoring the organizations’ 
implementation of agreed-upon security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls. 
Dependencies are documented in Inter-Service Agreements. Monitoring includes, but is not limited to, the review 
of third-party service auditor reports and discussions with subservice organization management. 
A brief overview of the subservice organizations used by Microsoft 365 is below. 
Organization 
Brief Description 
Microsoft Azure 
Microsoft Azure’s cloud Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) offerings are used by 
M365 to host production data and handle logical access and change 
management controls for M365. 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Microsoft Datacenters’ Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) offerings are used 
by M365 to host physical and virtual servers and system data storage. 
Microsoft Datacenters also handles physical and environmental security 
controls for M365. 
System Incidents 
There were no significant system incidents identified that (a) were the result of controls that were not suitably 
designed or operating effectively to achieve one or more of the service commitments and system requirements 
or (b) otherwise resulted in a significant failure in the achievement of one or more of those service commitments 
and system requirements during the period October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024. 
Significant Changes 
There were no changes that are likely to affect report users’ understanding of how the system is used to provide 
the service since the last issued report covering the period ended September 30, 2023. Please see the Software 
section above for details over the in-scope services. 
Description of Control Activities 
This report leverages the Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik’s (BSI) Cloud Computing 
Compliance Criteria Catalogue 2020 objectives (“C5 objectives”). The description of control activities relevant to 
the C5 objectives are included below. Additionally, the criteria for each C5 objective and the relevant M365 
controls in place to satisfy the C5 objectives are included in Section 4 of this report and are an integral part of the 
description of the system.  
Business Planning 
The M365 planning process is driven by product updates and releases. Senior management defines the vision and 
strategy for the overall M365 product on an annual basis. During this process, senior management considers its 


--- Page 24 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 20 
 
high-level commitments and requirements to security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality in a 
series of planning meetings and communicates the output to M365 personnel through a strategy memo. The 
M365 Development and Project Management team leads also consider their teams’ commitments to security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality on a more specific level and communicate the outcome in 
component planning meetings. These commitments are then converted into design considerations for 
implementation during the product releases. Implementation of these requirements is advised by the M365 
Security team, which is responsible for overseeing security issues, system operation, and service availability within 
the M365 environment. In addition, an M365 GRC risk team has been defined and is responsible for management 
of security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls within the M365 environment. Finally, 
service teams have personnel who are responsible for system operation, service availability, and control 
implementation. Each team works to implement and maintain the commitments for security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality.  
Hiring Process 
Microsoft hiring managers define job requirements prior to recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Job requirements 
include the primary responsibilities and tasks involved in the job, background characteristics needed to perform 
the job, and personal characteristics required. Once the requirements are determined, managers create a job 
description, which is a profile of the job, and use it to identify potential candidates. When viable candidates are 
identified, the interview process begins to evaluate candidates and to make an appropriate hiring decision. 
Performance Review 
Microsoft employees create individual accountabilities that align with those established for their manager, 
organization, and Microsoft. Each accountability is supported with customer-centric actions and measures so that 
M365 personnel are working toward the same overarching vision. Accountabilities are established when an 
employee is hired and then updated throughout the year according to business needs.  
Periodically, performance reviews, called "Connects", are held between employees and their managers, during 
which progress is analyzed against accountabilities and accountabilities are adjusted, if needed. The manager 
evaluates the individual’s contributions to the team and business or customer impact, taking into consideration 
contributions towards creating a high performing team and the demonstration of competencies relevant to their 
role.  
Standards of Business Conduct  
M365 leverages the Microsoft Corporate SBC to provide employees with education and resources to make 
informed business decisions and act on their decisions with integrity. SBC training and awareness is provided to 
Microsoft employees (including M365), contractors, and third parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on 
applicable policies, standards, and information security practices. Full-time employees must also take a 
mandatory SBC training course upon being hired and again on an annual basis thereafter. In addition, employees 
are required to participate in mandatory security and compliance training periodically in order to design, build 
and operate secure cloud services. 
Background Checks  
Backgrounds checks are required and renewed every 2 years for all full-time employees and vendors 
internationally, as permitted by the laws of each country, before access is granted to certain eligibilities within 
each workstream.  
Microsoft full-time employees request background checks, when necessary, through the OSP employee portal. A 
notification is sent to the requesting employee’s manager for approval. If approved, a notification email is sent to 
Microsoft HR to process a background check for the requesting employee. When the background check is 
complete, HR enters the results into SAP. 


--- Page 25 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 21 
 
For vendors and contractors, vendor companies are responsible for completing a valid background check for each 
contracted vendor. Once completed, Microsoft receives an attestation letter from the vendor company 
confirming the completion and pass status of the vendor’s background check. Once the background check 
validation is received, Microsoft enters relevant information into SAP through the ECS interface. Background 
check information for FTEs and vendors is pushed from SAP to an IDM database, after which the IDM tool checks 
for employee background check information before access to M365 cloud environments can be requested by the 
employee. Full and incremental sync jobs run to keep the data used by the IDM tool current. 
Service administrators configure requirements, including background check, for eligibilities within each 
workstream. If no background check is on file, or if a background check has expired, the user receives an error 
indicating that the employee does not have required background check, thus preventing the employee or vendor 
from obtaining those eligibilities. 
System Description  
Information regarding the design and operation of M365, including Service Level Agreements (SLAs), is available 
to customers on the Internet in many locations, including www.microsoft.com. Additional system description 
details are available for customers and potential customers through third-party audit and attestation reports as 
well as control documentation through the Service Trust Portal in the Admin Portal. A specific view of the M365 
environment is used internally to analyze key processes for system operation. 
Customer Commitments and Responsibilities  
Externally, M365 communicates its commitments, including those related to regulations, security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality to customers through contracts and SLAs. Internally, these commitments 
are reflected in a control framework, which is refreshed on an annual basis with control owners. These 
commitments and the associated control framework are distributed to M365 employees through policies, 
training, and Office Hours. Office Hours are thrice-weekly time slots set aside during which M365 teams may 
speak with the GRC team to discuss topics including security, availability, and regulatory information, and how 
that information could impact their relevant areas of the control framework. 
In addition to communicating commitments to its customers, M365 communicates the responsibilities of the 
customer to use the services. These responsibilities are described in SLAs, contracts, audit and attestation reports 
issued by independent auditors, and through descriptions available on Microsoft websites. 
Policies  
All Microsoft 365 staff and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance 
contained in the Microsoft Security Policy and applicable supporting standards. Individuals not employed by 
Microsoft but allowed to access, manage, or process information assets of Microsoft are also accountable for 
understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the Security Policy and Standards. This policy defines 
accountability and responsibility for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It 
addresses asset classification, risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the Microsoft intranet.  
Security and Availability Incident Communication  
M365 has established incident response procedures and centralized tracking tools, which consist of different 
channels for reporting production system incidents and weaknesses. Security and availability monitoring tools 
include Aria, Geneva, Incident Manager (IcM), Jarvis, Vanquish, and Office Substrate Pulse. Incidents may also be 
reported via email by different M365 teams or Microsoft groups, such as the specific application and supporting 
services teams, Azure teams, or Microsoft Datacenters teams. The security teams operate 24x7x365 
event/incident monitoring and response services. 


--- Page 26 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 22 
 
External users may communicate security and availability incidents to Microsoft and receive updates through 
Customer Support, the online customer portal, or the customer service number.  
Service Infrastructure and Support Systems Change Management 
Communication 
Customers may view prior or upcoming upgrades and changes to the M365 service infrastructure in the Microsoft 
365 blog. In addition, M365 customers receive notifications of major changes prior to change implementation 
through the customer portal. See the section “Service infrastructure and support systems change management” 
below for a description of the overall infrastructure and application change management process. 
Risk Assessment – M365 
M365 performs an annual risk assessment that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and the risk from these threats is formally assessed. The information 
gained from the assessment is used to create and prioritize work items. 
M365 is represented on the Operational Enterprise Risk Management (OERM) Governance Committee by the 
M365 Risk Management Office. For M365 the risk review is done annually, beginning in August. M365 risk 
management contacts the M365 GRC working group directly for updates to the overall environment and 
discussion of risk issues identified during the assessment process. The result of these procedures is a report sent 
to the corporate Vice President of the Office Product Group for review and approval. M365 risk management also 
sends information to the OERM for inclusion in the annual report that is sent to the Microsoft Board of Directors 
in December. 
Control Design and Implementation  
Based on the risk assessment performed, control activities are put in place within the M365 control framework. 
This framework is managed by the M365 GRC group and is evaluated and updated on an ongoing basis. This 
evaluation includes input from changes to the overall M365 environment, the regulatory landscape, and results of 
control assessments. 
Implementation of the control activities is the responsibility of each of the M365 application and supporting 
service teams. 
Data Flow Diagrams 
Data flow diagrams showing M365 system interactions and dependencies are maintained for each service. On an 
annual basis, these diagrams are updated by GRC personnel with the input of relevant service teams. This is done 
to provide up to date M365 system design information to M365 personnel to provide them with an 
understanding of their role in the system and additional background for addressing system security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality-related issues. 
Control Monitoring 
The design and operating effectiveness of security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls 
are analyzed by a third party at least once per year. These assessments include external (e.g., ISO and FedRAMP 
audits) and internal evaluations (e.g., risk assessments and vulnerability scans). The results and findings from 
these assessments are addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked by the M365 GRC team to 
substantiate that they are addressed in a timely manner. 


--- Page 27 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 23 
 
Access Management 
All access to customer content is governed by the IDM service and follows the Just-in-Time access described 
within this report. Service teams may use other identity access management tools to manage access to internal 
tools and systems that don’t store customer content. 
Identity Access Management 
Microsoft 365 owns and manages tools that regulate access to M365 production environments. Most service 
teams use the IDM access management service to limit access to authorized users. The service, managed by the 
Access Control team, allows each of the other service teams to manage their respective AD clusters for their 
respective environment. Several backend processes synchronize with other internal Microsoft tools, such as 
Microsoft HR department systems, to check that user information (e.g., employment status, manager, cost 
center, background check information) meets predefined requirements. Users who meet predefined criteria can 
request access to certain eligibilities, and access is only granted after approval. 
Some access is regulated outside the IDM service via other tools and processes; however, the functionality and 
processes are the same. These tools include IDWeb and OneIdentity. 
New User or Modification of User Access 
The process to request and approve new access via access management tools is managed through automated 
workflows configured within the tools. The systems automatically route access requests to the requestor’s 
manager for approval. Users who meet specified requirements (e.g. active user, active manager, applicable cost 
center, or background check) can request specific access to rights within each environment. User requests trigger 
notifications to the user’s manager via email of a pending access request requiring manager approval. No access 
is provisioned within production environments until manager approval is obtained. 
There are certain groups, roles, or entitlements that fall outside the automated provisioning processes described 
above. In each case users must still submit access requests, and each request must be approved before the access 
is manually provisioned.  
External Users (Customer Entities) – When a new customer is added to the M365 service, they are provided with 
an initial account for system setup. The provisioning of users and deactivation of users is the responsibility of the 
customer entity.  
Termination Access Removal 
When individuals leave the company, Microsoft HR updates the terminated employee’s details in the HR system, 
which syncs to access management tools via backend tasks. Access for terminated employees is then removed 
from respective service production environments. Without the appropriate entitlements, the user cannot access 
services within the M365 environment. 
Periodic User Access Review 
Services using the automated access provisioning processes above rely on workflows within the systems to 
automatically revoke user access based on the following criteria: 
• 
Inactivity - after 56 days of inactivity, the user’s account is disabled.  
• 
Manager Change - when a user’s manager and/or cost center has changed, users must re-request access 
using the same process described above, and the new manager must approve the user’s requested 
access.  
• 
Group Pre-defined Expiration - where applicable, services have security groups that have a set expiration 
period from when an account was granted access to the group. 


--- Page 28 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 24 
 
Periodic reviews, both manual and automated, are conducted to verify that each user's access remains relevant 
and aligns with their job responsibilities. Some of these reviews use the automated M365 UAR Tool, while others 
are tracked manually by the services. 
Just-in-Time Access 
Just-in-time (JIT) tools allow individuals to request temporary elevated access privileges on an as-needed basis to 
limited areas within the respective service team’s associated production environments.  
Each tool follows a similar process before granting temporary elevated access to requesting engineers. 
Automated configurations within each tool notify the submitting user’s manager with details of the access 
requested. If approved, the requesting user is granted access on a temporary basis, and the tool automatically 
removes the requested access based on built-in functionality within the tool. In certain cases, an engineer may 
receive a one-time preapproval for access elevations to specific areas within an environment; however, the access 
is still temporary in duration. Additionally, each elevation is logged and retained by the service team for incident 
evaluations. 
Developer/Operations Model - Developer Access to Production 
Using the Access tools described above the service teams have restricted access to appropriate personnel, 
including the enforcement of segregation between developers and operations personnel. 
Select service teams allow developers temporary access to production using the JIT tools and approval processes 
described above. Developer access is limited to specific areas of the environment for deployment or operations 
purposes. These limitations are enforced using Torus, a Remote PowerShell tool. Torus allows for the restriction 
of access to specific commands that can be run in the service team’s environment and requires approvals for each 
command being requested. The Torus request and approval process is managed by the JIT tools described above. 
For requests to make changes to production code or data by a developer or operator, an associated deployment 
request ticket must be provided and approved by a separate individual. 
Authentication  
Internal users are authenticated using Remote Desktop Services and must be authenticated using a two-factor 
authentication mechanism that includes a smartcard with PIN to log into the RDG. After logging in to the RDG, the 
user must enter his/her production account user ID and password to access production servers. The corporate 
password requirements are defined and configured within code and passwords are automatically generated. 
These requirements include password complexity, length, history, and duration. Additionally, internal users can 
gain temporary access to elevated roles allowing access to customer content via the JIT methods described 
above. For those services that only use JIT elevations to access the environment with no standing access, there 
are requirements built into the JIT tools for generating onetime complex passwords for authenticating into these 
environments. 
External Users – Microsoft provides various options to enable the authentication mechanism for end users and 
M365 customers. Each external entity is responsible for substantiating that the mechanism is configured and 
operating, as well as enforcing the use of strong passwords. 
Mobile Devices 
For Microsoft employees and other internal users, access to M365 applications and supporting services 
infrastructure through mobile devices is restricted and managed by the Microsoft Datacenters group.  
External Users – External users will go through the same authentication process to access M365 applications 
regardless of device. The external users’ access is managed and configured by the customer. 


--- Page 29 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 25 
 
Data Management 
Data Transmission (Encryption) 
Encryption between Microsoft employee and datacenter connection 
RDG connections are configured to establish Secure Socket Layer (SSL) connections between the internal users 
and the server. The SSL encryption algorithm is Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140-2 compliant. 
Additionally, access to the M365 applications and support services environments by Microsoft employees to both 
the RDG and the service servers is encrypted using the defined encryption settings and protocols described 
above. This encryption is managed by the M365 Remote Access team.  
Encryption between client and Microsoft datacenter connection 
Based on the customer’s data connection request, the encrypted connection is configured through the Microsoft 
network between the client and the desired M365 application and support services. The encryption levels are set 
by the customer, but each M365 service team has a specified and maintained listing of allowable encryption 
protocols that the customer may use.  
Encryption between Microsoft datacenters 
Each service team is responsible for establishing secured and encrypted connections across datacenters. Teams 
that use an Azure PaaS subscription rely on Azure to configure and manage encryption settings. 
Data at Rest (Encryption) 
Customer content at rest in the M365 environment is encrypted at rest utilizing full disk encryption or file level 
encryption. The data is encrypted using BitLocker for disk level encryption and custom code built into the 
applications and supporting services for file level encryption. For example. SPO encrypts at the per-document 
level, and EXO provides mailbox level encryption by default. Additionally, teams that store data on Azure Blob 
storage utilize Azure’s built-in encryption at rest.  
Data Segregation 
Customer content is stored and processed on a shared database which is logically segregated using program logic 
and a different customer identifier. 
Customer Lockbox 
For customers utilizing the Customer Lockbox feature, Customer Lockbox is an access control technology included 
in M365, designed to provide customer control and transparency over access to customer content hosted in 
Microsoft datacenters. The service grants Microsoft engineers temporary access to customer content on as-
needed basis only as approved by an appropriate tenant authority. The following sections, prefixed with 
“Customer Lockbox,” detail the procedures in place to limit Microsoft access to customer generated content.  
Customer Lockbox - Authorization and Notification 
Access to customer content for customers utilizing the Customer Lockbox feature is initiated through a Service 
Request made via Microsoft’s customer support. If the Service Request requires access to customer content, the 
access is requested through the Customer Lockbox tool. Individuals who are approved to access the customer 
content do so using the Remote PowerShell (RPS) tool. 
Only Microsoft engineers with appropriate access entitlements within the Exchange environment, can request 
temporary elevation to the ‘AccessToCustomerData’ role, which allows access to customer content. The request 
process is built into Customer Lockbox. If approved by the role owners, Microsoft managers, the request is then 
routed to a customer contact for additional approval.  


--- Page 30 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 26 
 
Customer Lockbox - Customer Approval 
The automated workflows supporting the Customer Lockbox elevation process require that elevation requests are 
first approved by Microsoft management before being submitted to a tenant administrator. Tenant 
administrators are assigned and are the responsibility of each customer. If the request is not approved within a 
specified period of time by both the Microsoft management and the tenant administrator, then the elevation 
request times out and becomes invalid. 
Customer Lockbox - Associated Service Request 
Each elevation request made using Customer Lockbox must reference an associated service request number 
before submission to Microsoft management for approval. Attempts to submit an elevation request without an 
associated service request number will fail, and the RPS tool will return an error. Service requests are either 
submitted by the effected customer or created and communicated to the customer prior to the elevation 
request. 
Customer Lockbox - Microsoft 365 Admin Center 
M365 customers can review a history of Customer Lockbox elevation requests within the customer’s M365 Admin 
center. The history includes relevant information for current and past elevation requests, including the date, 
service request number, duration of elevation, reason for elevation, and requestor. The logs are kept for a 
reasonable period of time. 
Customer Lockbox - Searchable Audit Logs 
Server activity is logged for each Customer Lockbox elevation, and the activity log repository is available to each 
Customer Lockbox customer. Activity logs show what actions and commands were executed on a server 
containing customer content by a Microsoft engineer for the time allowed during an elevation requested through 
Customer Lockbox. 
Customer Lockbox - Management Review of Elevations 
Microsoft management pulls logs of Customer Lockbox elevations, as well as capacity server administrator 
elevations, from a data repository and investigates any anomalies. Any anomalies identified are discussed and 
actioned in a weekly service review. The statistics are aggregated and reviewed annually with Microsoft 
management. For customers who have chosen to use Customer Lockbox, it is the only way to access customer 
content. Any other access paths are considered malicious access and are not covered by this attestation. 
Service Encryption with Customer Key in Microsoft 365 
For customers utilizing the Service Encryption with Customer Key feature, Microsoft 365 provides customers with 
two application level encryption options for their data within Exchange and SharePoint service: 1) Service 
Encryption with Microsoft owned encryption keys, and 2) Service Encryption with customer-owned keys 
(“Customer Keys”).  
In the standard Microsoft Service Encryption described above, M365 owns the encryption keys for the customer’s 
Exchange mailboxes and SharePoint sites. Service Encryption with Customer Key (“Customer Key”) is an opt-in 
encryption offering that allows M365 customers to supply and manage their own encryption keys for advanced, 
self-managed protection. The Customer Key offering is available in both the Exchange Online Worldwide, GCC-M, 
GCC-H, Department of Defense environment, as well as the SharePoint Online Worldwide environment.  
Each “Customer Key” subscription a customer maintains has its own service tenant encryption identifier, and two 
corresponding Azure-hosted customer key vaults. The customer keys are housed in Azure Key Vault; the 
onboarding process is inclusive of an Azure subscription creation, which customers will then use to house their 


--- Page 31 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 27 
 
keys which correspond with their “Customer Key” service. The two respective Azure Key Vaults each maintain a 
unique encryption key provided by the customer during the “Customer Key” onboarding process. 
For EXO: The “Customer Key” model can be applied to all users within a customer’s AD environment or can be 
segregated based on customer preferred user groupings or business unit differentiations. Each respective 
Exchange “Customer Key” subscription instance maintains its own Data Encryption Policy (“DEP”) that must be 
configured by the customer admin during the onboarding process as well. Once a DEP has been created, the 
customer can provision AD user mailboxes to that DEP, applying that encryption policy to the user mailboxes 
provisioned to that Customer Key DEP.  
For SPO: The Customer Key model is applied at the tenant level via Tenant Intermediate Keys "TIKs"; if a customer 
opts-in to Customer Key, all SharePoint site instances are encrypted at the application layer. 
Customer mailboxes or SharePoint sites associated with a Customer Key DEP or TIK are only accessible through 
utilizing the customer root keys relevant to each encryption policy type, which are stored in Azure Key Vault. 
Through Azure, Microsoft maintains its own interim keys, but an interim key does not have the ability to decrypt 
customer data. Under rare circumstances, Microsoft may need to access resources with customer content to 
perform specific service oriented and maintenance tasks.  
To do this the service performs a customer key wrap operation, in which Microsoft’s interim key is sent to Azure 
blob storage to be wrapped with a data blob of the customer key. The Azure key wrap function does not allow 
Microsoft access to the unique customer root keys themselves; the interim keys are instead wrapped with the 
root key data for access purposes. Once retrieved, the Microsoft engineer can access resources with customer 
data to perform the relevant service tasks. Once the tasks are complete, an unwrap operation is performed, in 
which the wrapped interim key is sent to Azure blob storage to be unwrapped and consequently disassociated 
from the customer root key housed in Azure Key Vault. Unwrapped interim keys cannot access Customer Key 
encrypted data. 
Microsoft provides additional protections if the customer owned root keys are lost or stolen with an “Availability 
Key”, which provides M365 customers with the capability to recover from the unanticipated loss of root keys. 
Microsoft will either assist customers through this process or provide customers with instructions on how to 
recover without assistance from Microsoft.  
The Availability Key is a root key that is provisioned and protected by Microsoft and is functionally equivalent to 
the root keys that are supplied by the customer for use with service encryption with “Customer Key.” Because the 
Availability Key is protected by Microsoft, it uses a different security design and controls from keys that the 
customer manages. This provides defense-in-depth and protects against the loss of all keys from a single attack or 
point of failure. Sharing the responsibility to protect the keys, while using a variety of protections and processes 
for key management, ultimately reduces the risk that all keys will be lost or destroyed. 
Service Encryption with Customer Key in Microsoft 365 – Termination 
Customers can opt out of the Service Encryption with Customer Key service. For EXO, customers can revoke root 
key access, either through group divestiture at a DEP level or through full-service exit. Since the TIK applies to all 
SharePoint instances, opting out of the Customer Key service consequently applies to all of the tenant’s 
SharePoint instances. 
When a tenant wishes to opt-out of the Service Encryption with Customer Key service, the Exchange and 
SharePoint tenant administrators must confirm that the customer is truly opting out of the service and wants the 
data to be deleted. Once a customer opts-out of the service, deletes their own root keys, and signs the 
eDocument stating their service termination, Microsoft locks the customer out of their data as a confirmation 
step that the tenant would truly like that data to be deleted. Once this step has been taken, the customer’s 
executive team must formally communicate the opt-out decision on behalf of the customer via signed and 
notarized documentation. Microsoft will maintain their root key to the customer’s data until the executive 
confirmation of service termination has been received, or the 90- to 180-day deletion period threshold has been 


--- Page 32 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 28 
 
reached. Once the customer service termination confirmation has been communicated, the customer can request 
that Microsoft delete its root key access to the data in question. 
Network Management 
Network Problem Management 
Microsoft Datacenters’ Global Networking Services (GNS) has designated teams (i.e., Problem Management, 
Network Escalations, and Network Security) to identify and address security alerts and incidents. GNS is 
responsible for identifying and analyzing potential problems and issues in the Microsoft 365 Services networking 
environment.  
Network Configuration Monitoring 
Microsoft Datacenters’ GNS team has implemented procedural and technical standards for the deployment of 
network devices. These standards include baseline configurations for network devices, network architecture, and 
approved protocols and ports. GNS regularly monitors network devices for compliance with technical standards 
and potentially malicious activity.  
Network Change Management 
GNS has implemented a formal change management process that requires network changes, including 
configuration changes, emergency changes, Access Control Lists changes, and new deployments to be 
documented and authorized prior to implementation. Changes and change approvals are tracked in a ticketing 
system. 
Server/Network Device Remote Access  
Microsoft Datacenters provides remote server and network device access to Microsoft Datacenters-managed 
environments. Access is provided through Microsoft Datacenters-managed Active Directory security groups and 
follows standard logical access procedures as established by Microsoft Datacenters and GNS.  
Server Build-out Process 
M365 has a defined server build-out process to deploy and configure new servers and rebuild existing servers. As 
part of the server build-out process, each service team performs the following: 
• 
Connect the server to the specified domain. 
• 
Install antimalware agents to get up to date antimalware signature files and definitions.  
• 
Install a server agent to collect server activities and upload the logs to the Security Incident Response 
(SIR) team databases for security assessment activities. 
After the base server image is applied and the related build-out process is finished, quality assurance reviews are 
conducted to validate that the server build-out process completed as expected. The quality assurance review 
follows a process for server build-out compliance:  
• 
Automated build-out tool: 
Application and supporting service teams that leverage an automated build-out and deployment process 
utilize a scan performed by the deployment tool to substantiate the build had completed successfully. If 
there is a failure, the tool attempts to redeploy the build until successful. 
Certain services leverage Microsoft’s Azure PaaS offerings for server build-out and management. Teams who use 
Azure IaaS with customized server images maintain, update, and test server images as part of the deployment 
process. Once the server image has been tested, it is provided to Azure for actual deployment. 


--- Page 33 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 29 
 
Antimalware 
Through the server build-out process, each application and supporting service has an antimalware agent installed. 
The antimalware agent is configured to obtain the latest available definition files on a master antimalware server. 
If there are issues related to the agent synchronization process with the master server, the individual server’s 
antimalware agent automatically notifies the SIR team, and the reported issue is analyzed and resolved. 
Vulnerability and Patch Management  
The M365 Security team monitors for known configuration and patching vulnerabilities through automated scans 
based on Qualys technology. A master server is configured to scan each server across the M365 applications and 
supporting services suite to analyze and report known vulnerabilities and patch non-compliance. Each service 
team reviews the vulnerability scan report from the master server and assesses the criticality of the vulnerabilities 
and applies patches as applicable.  
New vulnerabilities (e.g., those from responsible disclosure programs) are communicated to M365 through the 
Microsoft Security Response Center. If a patch is developed for the vulnerability, each service team evaluates the 
relevance of the patch to its environment and applies the patch as applicable.  
Security Incident Monitoring  
M365 has implemented incident response procedures, which consist of technical mechanisms, organizational 
infrastructure, and other procedures to detect, respond, and deter security incidents. The M365 incident 
management technical infrastructure includes monitoring systems for detecting and alerting M365 personnel of 
security events and incidents. A monitoring agent is installed on each server at the time of server build-out to 
transfer the security logs to the Security Incident Response (SIR) team, which identifies potential incidents and 
serves as a central repository for investigations. Incidents posing significant risk to the environment are prioritized 
for response and mitigation.  
Additionally, each service team has on-call personnel covering a 24/7 schedule. If an incident is assigned a high 
enough severity, applicable contingency plans are invoked. When a contingency plan is invoked, the incident 
manager on shift works with the M365 Security team to implement the contingency plan. 
Service Infrastructure and Support Systems Change Management 
Service- and support-related changes follow an established change management process for the M365 
environment. Each change is tracked within identified ticketing systems, which contain information that can be 
linked to approval and testing details related to the change. These ticketing systems are listed in the Software 
section above. Appropriate authorizations and approvals needed for the changes being made to these 
environments are defined in the tickets.  
When service teams or customer representatives enter a request for a change to the M365 environment in the 
change management systems, a representative of the relevant workstream is charged with addressing the change 
request. If a code modification is required, the addressor will perform a pull request, which replicates the master 
branch’s code and allows the user to perform necessary code modifications without disrupting the live code 
running in production. Each individual change or addition made to address the change request is subject to a peer 
review in which another workstream representative reviews and approves the individual code changes. Once a 
change is peer reviewed and approved, it is checked into a build, along with other changes that are currently in 
the workstream’s deployment process. Each build is subject to security and static analysis testing to test for the 
presence of security vulnerabilities. Except for in specific scenarios, M365 environment change management 
processes require 100% testing pass rates prior to moving forward in the deployment process. When a build 
successfully completes security testing, it is deployed to preproduction environments for integration testing. 
Builds can be independently deployed to the preproduction environments or multiple builds can be aggregated 
into a “release,” which is subject to integration testing. Code that has successfully completed all testing types is 


--- Page 34 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 30 
 
then deployed to the master code repository and is recognized as the newest version of the workstream’s source 
code. There are generally three types of preproduction environments, or “rings,” for ring validation integration 
testing: 
• 
DogFood: The workstream’s initial test ring consisting of a subset of Microsoft employees and customers 
who test changes on Microsoft’s behalf. 
• 
MSIT: The MSIT ring allows the release to be subject to testing by all Microsoft employees. 
• 
Slice in Production (SIP): Once the release is successfully integrated into the MSIT ring, it is moved into 
the SIP environment, which consists of about 5% worldwide customers who have decided to opt in and 
are able to provide feedback. 
Certain types of changes in M365 change management systems are subject to additional review and approval 
processes dependent on the nature of the change. The four approval levels based on the nature and impact of 
the change have been included below: 
• 
Auto-approval – A set of preapproved, low-risk standard changes. 
• 
Functional (Peer) Approval – Standard changes with a slightly higher level of risk. 
• 
Change Advisory Board Approval – Changes with the potential for high risk and high impact. 
• 
Emergency Change Advisory Board Approval – A risk that must be remediated timely, such as an out of 
band security patch. 
M365 service teams use a variety of tools to deploy changes to Azure. The ability to deploy code is restricted to 
appropriate build deployers using a combination of IDM, Torus, and Lockbox permissions.  
Security Development Lifecycle 
M365 environments follow the standard Microsoft Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) process which includes, 
at a minimum, risk assessment, testing, approval, and documentation. The SDL process includes security 
development requirements, which are intended to reduce the number of security-related bugs that appear in the 
design, code, and documentation associated with a software release, as well as to detect and remove those bugs 
as early in the SDL as possible.  
Risk assessment and design review occurs in a Change Advisory Board entitled “Office Hours” whose members 
formally “Approve” or “Deny” any major or significant change prior to implementation. Members include 
representatives from Compliance, Security, and Microsoft Legal teams.  
Testing, including code reviews, occurs during the development and build processes. Results of the tests, reviews, 
and approvals are tracked through ticketing systems used by each team. These ticketing systems are listed in the 
Software section above. 
Availability Monitoring 
M365 applications and supporting services utilize different tools to monitor and evaluate their service’s health 
(i.e., capacity, resiliency, and availability). These tools are configured to automatically alert assigned team 
members of issues impacting service health. For each service team, there are 24x7 On-Call Engineers, or “OCEs”, 
that monitor and resolve the issues that are reported or identified. Each service utilizes their own custom tools to 
monitor their respective service’s health. These tools are described in the Software section of the report above. 
In addition to the above monitoring, M365 senior management reviews capacity, availability, and resiliency 
reports from the above tools, for anomalies and deviations that could impact availability. On a monthly basis, 
M365 teams prepare an overview of the service team’s capacity, availability, and resiliency from the prior month. 
This overview presents the root cause of anomalies or deviations to senior management and based on the 
meeting issues or changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 


--- Page 35 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 31 
 
Data Replication and Redundancy 
Data for customer content, applications and support services is replicated for redundancy and disaster recovery 
purposes. M365 applications and supporting services are generally replicated from the primary content database 
to a secondary content database within the same primary datacenter. The primary and secondary databases are 
then replicated across geographically dispersed datacenters. Generally, the data maintained in the primary 
content database is replicated and accessible in real time via: (1) the primary database; (2) a secondary 
replication database located in the same primary datacenter with real time data; (3) a secondary disaster 
recovery server with real time replicated data in a geographically segregated datacenter; or (4) a server with a 
few minutes lag replication in a geographically dispersed datacenter. 
Data is accessible for redundancy and disaster recovery purposes for applications and support services through 
the data replication process described above, to meet SLA requirements.  
It should be noted that the replication process described above reflects the processes in place for the EXO and 
SPO systems at an overall level. The supporting service teams perform similar replication processes, such as 
utilizing an Active-Active (e.g., EOP) replication process, but do not maintain lag copies of data. Azure based 
services rely on Azure capabilities for geo-redundant replication and storage.  
Business Continuity 
The majority of M365 service teams participate in the Enterprise Business Continuity Management (EBCM) 
program that uses a common set of criteria to determine the relevancy and frequency of failover exercises. 
Teams not yet integrated into the EBCM process perform periodic failover testing. Where relevant, failover 
exercises are conducted on a regular basis to test applications and related data to verify the accessibility at a 
secondary disaster recovery location. The frequency of conducting failover exercises, as well as the recovery time 
objectives (RTOs) for each application and support service, are based on the nature and criticality of the systems. 
The RTOs are developed as part of the overall M365 Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning. The 
primary objective of conducting failover exercises is to test whether the RTOs may be met in case of a disaster. 
Issues identified as part of the failover tests are tracked to ultimate resolution. 
Customer Termination 
Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and SLAs. Customers are responsible for the upload/download and management of data 
stored within the M365 environments related to confidentiality. 
 


--- Page 36 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 32 
 
Complementary User Entity Control Considerations (CUECs) 
Microsoft 365 transaction processing and the controls over that processing were designed with the assumption 
that certain controls are in operation within the user entity organizations. This section describes those controls 
that should be in operation at user entity organizations to complement the controls of M365. The following list 
contains controls that M365 assumes their user entities have implemented. User organization auditors should 
determine whether the user entities have established sufficient controls in these areas: 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Relevant C5 Control Criteria 
CUEC-01 - User entities properly authorize users who 
are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 
IDM-06, IDM-08, CRY-02, CRY-03, CRY-04, PSS-07  
CUEC-02 - User entities establish proper controls over 
the use of system IDs and passwords. 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-08, IDM-09, PSS-05, PSS-
07 
CUEC-03 - User entities are responsible for managing 
their user’s password authentication mechanism. 
IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-08, IDM-09, PSS-07 
CUEC-04 - User entities enforce desired level of 
encryption for network sessions. 
IDM-06, IDM-08, CRY-02, CRY-03, CRY-04, PSS-07  
CUEC-05 - User entities manage anonymous access to 
SPO sessions. 
IDM-09, PSS-09 
CUEC-06 - User entities secure the software and 
hardware used to access M365. 
IDM-06, IDM-08, IDM-09, PSS-07  
CUEC-07 - User entities conduct end-user training. 
HR-03, HR-05 
CUEC-08 - User entities are responsible for reporting 
any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 
SIM-05 
CUEC-09 - User entities are responsible for enabling and 
maintaining email restoration for EXO. 
OPS-07, PI-03 
CUEC-10 - User entities are responsible for 
understanding and adhering to the contents of their 
service contracts, including commitments related to 
system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
OPS-02, OPS-24, PI-01, PI-02, SIM-02, SIM-03 
CUEC-11 - User entities are responsible for managing 
their data inputs, and data uploads to M365 for 
completeness, accuracy, and timeliness. 
PI-01, PI-02 
CUEC-12 - User entities are responsible for managing 
their data processing within M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 
PI-01 


--- Page 37 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 33 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Relevant C5 Control Criteria 
CUEC-13 - User entities are responsible for managing 
their stored data for completeness and accuracy. 
OPS-24, PI-01, PI-03 
CUEC-14 - User entities are responsible for managing 
their data output from M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 
OPS-02, PI-02 
CUEC-15 - User entities configure session expiration 
following a specific period of inactivity in accordance 
with security policies established by the user entity. 
PPS-06 
CUEC-16 - When employing Customer Lockbox, user 
entities are responsible for reviewing Microsoft 
requests to customer content and approving 
appropriate requests in a timely manner. 
IDM-01 
CUEC-17 - User entities subscribing to the Service 
Encryption with Customer Keys service who use 
customer-owned keys are responsible for importing or 
generating their own encryption keys. 
CRY-03 
CUEC-18 - User entities subscribing to the Service 
Encryption with Customer Keys service who use 
customer-owned keys are responsible for restricting 
access to the Azure Key Vault subscription. 
CRY-03 
CUEC-19 - User entities subscribing to the Service 
Encryption with Customer Keys service who use 
customer-owned keys are responsible for rotating 
customer managed keys per their compliance policies. 
CRY-03 


--- Page 38 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 34 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls (CSOCs) 
Microsoft’s controls related to the M365 system detailed in this report cover only a portion of overall internal 
control for each user entity of M365. It is not feasible for the control criteria related to M365 to be achieved 
solely by Microsoft. The software in scope for this report have varying dependencies on Azure services that are 
covered in a separate assurance report. The responsibility of this subservice organization is considered in the 
execution and evaluation of the controls. Therefore, in conjunction with M365’s controls, a user entity must take 
into account the related complementary subservice organization controls expected to be implemented at the 
subservice organizations as follows. 
Type of Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization 
Name 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Relevant C5 Control Criteria 
Platform as a 
Service/Infrastructure 
as a Service 
Microsoft 
Azure 
Microsoft Azure is responsible 
for maintaining controls over 
access management (including 
authentication), change 
management, operational 
controls, and data protection to 
the platform services 
supporting M365. 
Additionally, for services using 
Azure, Azure is responsible for 
maintaining controls over: 
• 
secure transmission, 
handling, and storage of 
data (including encryption, 
redundancy, replication, 
and recovery). 
• 
security and incident 
management, including 
incident identification and 
remediation, server 
vulnerability scanning, and 
patch management for 
M365 services hosted on 
the Azure platform. 
OPS-05, OPS-06, OPS-07, OPS-08, OPS-09, 
OPS-10, OPS-12, OPS-13, OSP-14, OPS-17, 
OPS-23, IDM-01, IDM-02, IDM-03, IDM-
04, IDM-05, IDM-06, IDM-08, IDM-09, 
CRY-03, CRY-04, BCM-01, BCM-02, BCM-
03, BCM-04, COM-04, PSS-07 


--- Page 39 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 35 
 
Type of Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization 
Name 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Relevant C5 Control Criteria 
Infrastructure as a 
Service 
Microsoft 
Datacenters 
Microsoft Datacenters is 
responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical access to 
the facilities supporting M365, 
including datacenters. 
Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over: 
• 
protection of the network 
environment, including 
perimeter firewalls, 
restricting access to 
network devices, and 
monitoring network devices 
for compliance with 
security standards. 
• 
physical access to the 
facilities, including data 
centers, supporting M365. 
• 
environmental threats 
(including natural disasters 
and man-made threats).  
• 
physical data storage, 
protection, and disposal 
services supporting M365. 
AM-01, AM-02, AM-03, AM-04, AM-06, 
PS-01, PS-02, PS-03, PS-04, PS-05, PS-06, 
PS-07, OPS-05, OPS-09, OPS-10, OPS-13, 
IDM-09, COS-01, COS-02, COS-03, COS-
04, COS-05, COS-06, PI-01, PI-03, DEV-01, 
DEV-03, SIM-02, SIM-03, SIM-04, SIM-05, 
BCM-01, BCM-02, BCM-03, BCM-04 


--- Page 40 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 36 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4:  
Management of Microsoft’s Description 
of Its C5 Objectives and Related Controls, 
and Independent Accountant’s 
Description of Tests of Controls and 
Results 
 
 


--- Page 41 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 37 
 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its 
C5 Objectives and Related Controls, and Independent 
Accountant’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results 
Description of Testing Procedures Performed 
Deloitte & Touche LLP performed a variety of tests relating to the controls listed in this section throughout the 
period from October 1, 2023, through September 30, 2024. Our tests of controls were performed on controls as 
they existed during the period of October 1, 2023, through September 30, 2024, and were applied to those 
controls specified by Microsoft. 
In determining the nature, timing, and extent of tests, we considered (a) the nature and frequency of the controls 
being tested, (b) the types of available evidential matter, (c) the assessed level of control risk, (d) the expected 
effectiveness of the test, and (e) our understanding of the control environment.  
In addition to the tests listed below, we ascertained through multiple inquiries with management and the control 
owner that each control activity listed below operated as described throughout the period. Tests performed are 
described below: 
Test 
Description 
Corroborative inquiry 
Conducted detailed interviews with relevant personnel to obtain evidence 
that the control was in operation during the report period and is 
accompanied by other procedures noted below that are necessary to 
corroborate the information derived from the inquiry. 
Observation 
Observed the performance of the control during the report period to 
evidence application of the specific control activity. 
Examination of 
documentation/inspection 
If the performance of the control is documented, inspected documents and 
reports indicating performance of the control. 
Reperformance of monitoring 
activities or manual controls 
Obtained documents used in the monitoring activity or manual control 
activity, independently reperformed the procedures, and compared any 
discrepancies identified with those identified by the responsible control 
owner.  
Reperformance of 
programmed processing 
Input test data, manually calculated expected results, and compared actual 
results of processing to expectations. 
Testing of Tools Supporting Control Activities 
For the tools used in the performance of control activities in Section 4, we performed procedures to address the 
risks associated with their use. While these procedures were not specifically included in the test procedures listed 
in Section 4, they were completed as part of the testing to support our conclusions. 


--- Page 42 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 38 
 
Reliability of Information Produced by Microsoft 
We performed procedures to evaluate whether the information provided by Microsoft, which includes (a) 
information in response to ad hoc requests from the service auditor (e.g., population lists), and (b) information 
used in the execution of a control (e.g., exception reports or transaction reconciliations), was sufficiently reliable 
for our purposes by obtaining evidence about the accuracy and completeness of such information and evaluating 
whether the information was sufficiently precise and detailed for our purposes.  
Our procedures to evaluate whether this information was sufficiently reliable included procedures to address (a) 
the accuracy and completeness of source data, and (b) the creation and modification of applicable report logic 
and parameters. While these procedures were not specifically called out in the test procedures listed in this 
section, they were completed as a component of our testing to support the evaluation of whether or not the 
information is sufficiently precise and detailed for purposes of fully testing the controls identified by Microsoft. 
Reporting on Results of Testing 
The concept of materiality is not applied when reporting the results of control tests because Deloitte & Touche 
LLP does not have the ability to determine whether an exception will be relevant to a particular user entity. 
Consequently, Deloitte & Touche LLP reports all exceptions. 
Description of Control Activities 
The information regarding the tests of operating effectiveness is explained below in two parts: 
• 
Part A: Contains the objectives set forth in the C5 requirements and the related M365 control activities 
that cover those requirements. 
• 
Part B: Contains the objectives set forth in C5, the related control activities that cover those objectives, 
and the results of the test procedures performed. 
The applicable objectives set forth in C5 are provided by Microsoft. 
 
 
 
 


--- Page 43 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 39 
Note: There are certain gaps in control activity numbering as a result of updates to the control environment and supporting policies and procedures. Thus, 
the following control numbers are intentionally omitted: CA-04, CA-06, CA-10, CA-11, CA-28, CA-32, CA-39, CA-40, CA-41, CA-42, CA-48, CA-52, CA-65, 
ELC-01, ELC-02, ELC-03, ELC-04, ELC-05, ELC-06, ELC-10, ELC-13, and ELC-14. 
Part A: C5 Criteria and Control Activities provided by Microsoft 
OIS: Organization of Information Security 
Control Objective 5.1: Plan, implement, maintain and continuously improve the information security framework within the organisation. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
OIS-01 The Cloud Service Provider operates 
an information security management system 
(ISMS) in accordance with ISO/IEC 27001. 
The scope of the ISMS covers the Cloud 
Service Provider's organisational units, 
locations and procedures for providing the 
cloud service. 
The measures for setting up, implementing, 
maintaining and continuously improving the 
ISMS are documented.  
The documentation includes: 
• Scope of the ISMS (Section 4.3 of ISO/IEC 
27001); 
• Declaration of applicability (Section 6.1.3), 
and 
• Results of the last management review 
(Section 9.3). 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-24 - Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, 
vulnerability scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
C5-CA-17 - M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and 
reviews results with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and 
by planning and tracking necessary corrective actions. 
OIS-02 The top management of the Cloud 
Service Provider has adopted an information 
security policy and communicated it to 
CA-01 - An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the 
M365 environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system 
operation and service availability. 


--- Page 44 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 40 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
internal and external employees as well as 
cloud customers. 
The policy describes: 
• the importance of information security, 
based on the requirements of cloud 
customers in relation to information 
security; 
• the security objectives and the desired 
security level, based on the business goals 
and tasks of the Cloud Service Provider; 
• the most important aspects of the security 
strategy to achieve the security objectives 
set; and 
• the organisational structure for 
information security in the ISMS application 
area. 
CA-03 - Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its 
commitments and requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
OIS-03 Interfaces and dependencies 
between cloud service delivery activities 
performed by the Cloud Service Provider and 
activities performed by third parties are 
documented and communicated. This 
includes dealing with the following events: 
• Vulnerabilities; 
• Security incidents; and 
• Malfunctions. 
The type and scope of the documentation is 
geared towards the information 
requirements of the subject matter experts 
of the affected organisations in order to 
CA-12 - M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected 
in the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, 
and Office Hours. 
CA-13 - Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of 
security incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-14 - Changes and updates to the M365 environment are communicated through the admin 
Message Center part of the M365 Admin Center. 
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center. 
 
 


--- Page 45 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 41 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
carry out the activities appropriately (e.g. 
definition of roles and responsibilities in 
guidelines, description of cooperation 
obligations in service descriptions and 
contracts). 
The communication of changes to the 
interfaces and dependencies takes place in a 
timely manner so that the affected 
organisations and third parties can react 
appropriately with organisational and 
technical measures before the changes take 
effect. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
OIS-04 Conflicting tasks and responsibilities 
are separated based on an OIS-06 risk 
assessment to reduce the risk of 
unauthorised or unintended changes or 
misuse of cloud customer data processed, 
stored or transmitted in the cloud service. 
The risk assessment covers the following 
areas, insofar as these are applicable to the 
provision of the Cloud Service and are in the 
area of responsibility of the Cloud Service 
Provider: 
• Administration of rights profiles, approval 
and assignment of access and access 
authorisations (cf. IDM-01); 
• Development, testing and release of 
changes (cf. DEV-01); and 
• Operation of the system components. 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-19 - For teams utilizing the Developer / Operations model, monitoring processes or system 
configurations are in place to identify and remediate unapproved changes to production. 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 - Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment 
are tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 - Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, 
vulnerability scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 


--- Page 46 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 42 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
If separation cannot be established for 
organisational or technical reasons, 
measures are in place to monitor the 
activities in order to detect unauthorised or 
unintended changes as well as misuse and to 
take appropriate actions. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
 
OIS-05 The Cloud Service Provider leverages 
relevant authorities and interest groups in 
order to stay informed about current threats 
and vulnerabilities. The information flows 
into the procedures for handling risks (cf. 
OIS-06) and vulnerabilities (cf. OPS-19). 
CA-13 - Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of 
security incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-25 - Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft 
groups, the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet 
regulatory, industry, or technology changes. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management 
review. Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified 
and reported to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant 
and non-compliant hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
ELC-15 - Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are 
identified and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement 
process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties 
and establishing relevant agreements. 


--- Page 47 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 43 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
OIS-06 Policies and instructions for risk 
management procedures are documented, 
communicated and provided in accordance 
with SP-01 for the following aspects: 
• Identification of risks associated with the 
loss of confidentiality, integrity, availability 
and authenticity of information within the 
scope of the ISMS and assigning risk owners; 
• Analysis of the probability and impact of 
occurrence and determination of the level of 
risk; 
• Evaluation of the risk analysis based on 
defined criteria for risk acceptance and 
prioritisation of handling; 
• Handling of risks through measures, 
including approval of authorisation and 
acceptance of residual risks by risk owners; 
and 
• Documentation of the activities 
implemented to enable consistent, valid and 
comparable results. 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 - Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment 
are tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 - Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, 
vulnerability scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
ELC-07 - The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk 
assessment process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are 
reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of 
Directors on behalf of senior management. 
OIS-07 The Cloud Service Provider executes 
the process for handling risks as needed or 
at least once a year. The following aspects 
are taken into account when identifying 
risks, insofar as they are applicable to the 
cloud service provided and are within the 
area of responsibility of the Cloud Service 
Provider: 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 - Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment 
are tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 


--- Page 48 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 44 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Processing, storage or transmission of data 
of cloud customers with different protection 
needs; 
• Occurrence of vulnerabilities and 
malfunctions in technical protective 
measures for separating shared resources; 
• Attacks via access points, including 
interfaces accessible from public networks; 
• Conflicting tasks and areas of responsibility 
that cannot be separated for organisational 
or technical reasons; and 
• Dependencies on subservice organisations. 
The analysis, evaluation and treatment of 
risks, including the approval of actions and 
acceptance of residual risks, is reviewed for 
adequacy at least annually by the risk 
owners. 
CA-24 - Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, 
vulnerability scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management 
review. Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified 
and reported to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant 
and non-compliant hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
CA-53 - M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating 
attestation reports when available. 
CA-66 - Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
C5-CA-16 - Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
 
SP: Security Policies and Instructions 
Control Objective 5.2: Provide policies and instructions regarding security requirements and to support business requirements. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
SP-01 Policies and instructions (incl. 
concepts and guidelines) are derived from 
the information security policy and are 
documented according to a uniform 
structure. They are communicated and 
made available to all internal and external 
CA-01 - An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the 
M365 environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system 
operation and service availability. 
CA-07 - Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. Compliance & Ethics 
team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all 


--- Page 49 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 45 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
employees of the Cloud Service Provider in 
an appropriate manner. 
The policies and instructions are version 
controlled and approved by the top 
management of the Cloud Service Provider 
or an authorised body. 
The policies and instructions describe at 
least the following aspects: 
• Objectives; 
• Scope; 
• Roles and responsibilities, including staff 
qualification requirements and the 
establishment of substitution rules; 
• Roles and dependencies on other 
organisations (especially cloud customers 
and subservice organisations); 
• Steps for the execution of the security 
strategy; and 
• Applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
 
employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with 
appropriately. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-25 - Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft 
groups, the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet 
regulatory, industry, or technology changes. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-03 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system 
and data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and 
cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role/Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-08 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, 
based on risk. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 


--- Page 50 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 46 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
C5-CA-09 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and 
key management within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-10 - M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-13 - (1) Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure 
collection and storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to 
M365 service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
SP-02 Information security policies and 
instructions are reviewed at least annually 
for adequacy by the Cloud Service Provider's 
subject matter experts. 
The review shall consider at least the 
following aspects: 
• Organisational and technical changes in 
the procedures for providing the cloud 
service; and 
• Legal and regulatory changes in the Cloud 
Service Provider's environment. 
Revised policies and instructions are 
approved before they become effective. 
CA-03 - Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its 
commitments and requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity.  
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-25 - Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft 
groups, the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet 
regulatory, industry, or technology changes. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 


--- Page 51 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 47 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-03 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system 
and data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and 
cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role/Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-08 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, 
based on risk. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-09 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and 
key management within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-10 - M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-13 - (1) Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure 
collection and storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to 
M365 service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
SP-03 Exceptions to the policies and 
instructions for information security as well 
as respective controls go through the OIS-06 
risk management process, including 
approval of these exceptions and 
acceptance of the associated risks by the risk 
owners. The approvals of exceptions are 
documented, limited in time and are 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 


--- Page 52 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 48 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
reviewed for appropriateness at least 
annually by the risk owners. 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 - Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment 
are tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 - Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, 
vulnerability scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
C5-CA-18 - M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The 
results of the review process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and 
reviewed at least annually by relevant risk owners. 
 
HR: Personnel 
Control Objective 5.3: Ensure that employees understand their responsibilities, are aware of their responsibilities with regard to information security, and 
that the organisation’s assets are protected in the event of changes in responsibilities or termination. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
HR-01 The competency and integrity of all 
internal and external employees of the Cloud 
Service Provider with access to cloud 
customer data or system components under 
the Cloud Service Provider’s responsibility 
who are responsible to provide the cloud 
service in the production environment shall 
be verified prior to commencement of 
employment in accordance with local 
legislation and regulation by the Cloud Service 
Provider. 
To the extent permitted by law, the review 
will cover the following areas: 
CA-08 - The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to 
perform a background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law 
before they are granted access to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


--- Page 53 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 49 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Verification of the person through identity 
card; 
• Verification of the CV; 
• Verification of academic titles and degrees; 
• Request of a police clearance certificate for 
applicants; 
• Certificate of good conduct or national 
equivalent; and 
• Evaluation of the risk to be blackmailed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HR-02 The Cloud Service Provider’s internal 
and external employees are required by the 
employment terms and conditions to comply 
with applicable policies and instructions 
relating to information security. 
The information security policy, and the 
policies and instructions based on it, are to be 
acknowledged by the internal and external 
personnel in a documented form before 
access is granted to any cloud customer data 
or system components under the 
responsibility of the Cloud Service Provider 
used to provide the cloud service in the 
production environment. 
CA-07 - Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. Compliance & Ethics 
team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all 
employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with 
appropriately. 
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-
disclosure provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are 
provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage, including consequences of 
violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. 
Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination.  
ELC-12 - Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
HR-03 The Cloud Service Provider operates a 
target group-oriented security awareness and 
CA-07 - Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s 


--- Page 54 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 50 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
training program, which is completed by all 
internal and external employees of the Cloud 
Service Provider on a regular basis. The 
program is regularly updated based on 
changes to policies and instructions and the 
current threat situation and includes the 
following aspects: 
• Handling system components used to 
provide the cloud service in the production 
environment in accordance with applicable 
policies and procedures; 
• Handling cloud customer data in accordance 
with applicable policies and instructions and 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements; 
• Information about the current threat 
situation; and 
• Correct behaviour in the event of security 
incidents. 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. Compliance & Ethics 
team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all 
employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with 
appropriately. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and 
responsibility for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses 
asset classification (to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, 
incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is 
available on the intranet. 
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-
disclosure provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are 
provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage, including the consequences of 
violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. 
Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
ELC-12 - Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in 
a Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-07 - User entities conduct end-user training. 
HR-04 In the event of violations of policies 
and instructions or applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements, actions are taken in 
accordance with a defined policy that includes 
the following aspects: 
• Verifying whether a violation has occurred; 
and 
CA-07 - Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. Compliance & Ethics 
team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all 
employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with 
appropriately. 
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-
disclosure provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are 


--- Page 55 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 51 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Consideration of the nature and severity of 
the violation and its impact. 
The internal and external employees of the 
Cloud Service Provider are informed about 
possible disciplinary measures. 
The use of disciplinary measures is 
appropriately documented. 
provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage, including the consequences of 
violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. 
Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
 
 
 
HR-05 Internal and external employees have 
been informed about which responsibilities, 
arising from employment terms and 
conditions relating to information security, 
will remain in place when their employment is 
terminated or changed and for how long. 
CA-07 - Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s 
continued commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. Compliance & Ethics 
team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all 
employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with 
appropriately. 
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-
disclosure provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are 
provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage, including the consequences of 
violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. 
Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-07 - User entities conduct end-user training. 
HR-06 The non-disclosure or confidentiality 
agreements to be agreed with internal 
employees, external service providers and 
suppliers of the Cloud Service Provider are 
based on the requirements identified by the 
Cloud Service Provider for the protection of 
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-
disclosure provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are 
provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to information and information system usage, including the consequences of 
violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. 
Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 


--- Page 56 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 52 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
confidential information and operational 
details.  
The agreements are to be accepted by 
external service providers and suppliers when 
the contract is agreed. The agreements must 
be accepted by internal employees of the 
Cloud Service Provider before authorisation to 
access data of cloud customers is granted. 
The requirements must be documented and 
reviewed at regular intervals (at least 
annually). If the review shows that the 
requirements need to be adapted, the non-
disclosure or confidentiality agreements are 
updated. 
The Cloud Service Provider must inform the 
internal employees, external service providers 
and suppliers and obtain confirmation of the 
updated confidentiality or non-disclosure 
agreement. 
ELC-12 - Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
ELC-15 - Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are 
identified and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement 
process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external 
parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
 
AM: Asset Management 
Control Objective 5.4: Identify the organisation's own assets and ensure an appropriate level of protection throughout their lifecycle. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
AM-01 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established procedures for inventorying 
assets. 
The inventory is performed automatically 
and/or by the people or teams responsible 
for the assets to ensure complete, accurate, 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 


--- Page 57 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 53 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
valid and consistent inventory throughout 
the asset lifecycle. 
Assets are recorded with the information 
needed to apply the Risk Management 
Procedure (Cf. OIS-07), including the 
measures taken to manage these risks 
throughout the asset lifecycle. Changes to 
this information are logged. 
 
AM-02 Policies and instructions for 
acceptable use and safe handling of assets 
are documented, communicated and 
provided in accordance with SP-01 and 
address the following aspects of the asset 
lifecycle as applicable to the asset: 
• Approval procedures for acquisition, 
commissioning, maintenance, 
decommissioning, and disposal by 
authorised personnel or system 
components; 
• Inventory; 
• Classification and labelling based on the 
need for protection of the information and 
measures for the level of protection 
identified; 
• Secure configuration of mechanisms for 
error handling, logging, encryption, 
authentication and authorisation; 
• Requirements for versions of software and 
images as well as application of patches; 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-66 - Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 


--- Page 58 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 54 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Handling of software for which support 
and security patches are not available 
anymore; 
• Restriction of software installations or use 
of services; 
• Protection against malware; 
• Remote deactivation, deletion or blocking; 
• Physical delivery and transport; 
• Dealing with incidents and vulnerabilities; 
and 
• Complete and irrevocable deletion of the 
data upon decommissioning. 
AM-03 The Cloud Service Provider has an 
approval process for the use of hardware to 
be commissioned, which is used to provide 
the cloud service in the production 
environment, in which the risks arising from 
the commissioning are identified, analysed 
and mitigated. Approval is granted after 
verification of the secure configuration of 
the mechanisms for error handling, logging, 
encryption, authentication and authorisation 
according to the intended use and based on 
the applicable policies. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 
AM-04 The decommissioning of hardware 
used to operate system components 
supporting the cloud service production 
environment under the responsibility of the 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 


--- Page 59 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 55 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Cloud Service Provider requires approval 
based on the applicable policies. 
The decommissioning includes the complete 
and permanent deletion of the data or 
proper destruction of the media. 
AM-05 The Cloud Service Provider's internal 
and external employees are provably 
committed to the policies and instructions 
for acceptable use and safe handling of 
assets before they can be used if the Cloud 
Service Provider has determined in a risk 
assessment that loss or unauthorised access 
could compromise the information security 
of the Cloud Service. 
Any assets handed over are provably 
returned upon termination of employment. 
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure 
provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided 
Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with 
regard to information and information system usage, including the consequences of violating relevant 
laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. Employees are required to 
acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
C5-CA-10 - M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being connected to the production environment. 
 
AM-06 Assets are classified and, if possible, 
labelled. Classification and labelling of an 
asset reflect the protection needs of the 
information it processes, stores, or 
transmits. 
The need for protection is determined by 
the individuals or groups responsible for the 
assets of the Cloud Service Provider 
according to a uniform schema. The schema 
provides levels of protection for the 
confidentiality, integrity, availability, and 
authenticity protection objectives. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-66 - Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 
 


--- Page 60 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 56 
PS: Physical Security 
Control Objective 5.5: Prevent unauthorised physical access and protect against theft, damage, loss and outage of operations. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
PS-01 Security requirements for premises 
and buildings related to the cloud service 
provided, are based on the security 
objectives of the information security policy, 
identified protection requirements for the 
cloud service and the assessment of risks to 
physical and environmental security. The 
security requirements are documented, 
communicated and provided in a policy or 
concept according to SP-01. 
The security requirements for data centres 
are based on criteria which comply with 
established rules of technology. They are 
suitable for addressing the following risks in 
accordance with the applicable legal and 
contractual requirements: 
• Faults in planning; 
• Unauthorised access; 
• Insufficient surveillance; 
• Insufficient air-conditioning; 
• Fire and smoke;  
• Water; 
• Power failure; and 
• Air ventilation and filtration. 
If the Cloud Service Provider uses premises 
or buildings operated by third parties to 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats 
including natural disasters and man-made threats. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 


--- Page 61 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 57 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
provide the Cloud Service, the document 
describes which security requirements the 
Cloud Service Provider places on these third 
parties.  
The appropriate and effective verification of 
implementation is carried out in accordance 
with the criteria for controlling and 
monitoring subcontractors (cf. SSO-01, SSO-
02). 
PS-02 The cloud service is provided from 
two locations that are redundant to each 
other. The locations meet the security 
requirements of the Cloud Service Provider 
(cf. PS-01 Security Concept) and are located 
in an adequate distance to each other to 
achieve operational redundancy. 
Operational redundancy is designed in a way 
that ensures that the availability 
requirements specified in the service level 
agreement are met. The functionality of the 
redundancy is checked at least annually by 
suitable tests and exercises (cf. BCM-04 - 
Verification, updating and testing of 
business continuity). 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats 
including natural disasters and man-made threats. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
PS-03 The structural shell of premises and 
buildings related to the cloud service 
provided are physically solid and protected 
by adequate security measures that meet 
the security requirements of the Cloud 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats 
including natural disasters and man-made threats. 


--- Page 62 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 58 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Service Provider (cf. PS-01 Security 
Concept). 
The security measures are designed to 
detect and prevent unauthorised access so 
that the information security of the cloud 
service is not compromised.  
The outer doors, windows and other 
construction elements exhibit an 
appropriate security level and withstand a 
burglary attempt for at least 10 minutes. 
The surrounding wall constructions as well 
as the locking mechanisms meet the 
associated requirements. 
 
PS-04 At access points to premises and 
buildings related to the cloud service 
provided, physical access controls are set up 
in accordance with the Cloud Service 
Provider's security requirements (cf. PS-01 
Security Concept) to prevent unauthorised 
access. 
Access controls are supported by an access 
control system. 
The requirements for the access control 
system are documented, communicated 
and provided in a policy or concept in 
accordance with SP-01 and include the 
following aspects: 
• Specified procedure for the granting and 
revoking of access authorisations (cf. IDM-
02) based on the principle of least 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats 
including natural disasters and man-made threats. 


--- Page 63 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 59 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
authorisation ("least-privilege-principle") 
and as necessary for the performance of 
tasks ("need-to-know-principle"); 
• Automatic revocation of access 
authorisations if they have not been used 
for a period of 2 month; 
• Automatic withdrawal of access 
authorisations if they have not been used 
for a period of 6 months; 
• Two-factor authentication for access to 
areas hosting system components that 
process cloud customer information; 
• Visitors and external personnel are 
tracked individually by the access control 
during their work in the premises and 
buildings, identified as such (e.g. by visible 
wearing of a visitor pass) and supervised 
during their stay; and 
• Existence and nature of access logging 
that enables the Cloud Service Provider, in 
the sense of an effectiveness audit, to check 
whether only defined personnel have 
entered the premises and buildings related 
to the cloud service provided. 
 
PS-05 Premises and buildings related to the 
cloud service provided are protected from 
fire and smoke by structural, technical and 
organisational measures that meet the 
security requirements of the Cloud Service 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats 
including natural disasters and man-made threats. 


--- Page 64 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 60 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Provider (cf. PS-01 Security Concept) and 
include the following aspects:  
a) Structural Measures: 
Establishment of fire sections with a fire 
resistance duration of at least 90 minutes 
for all structural parts. 
b) Technical Measures: 
• Early fire detection with automatic voltage 
release. The monitored areas are sufficiently 
fragmented to ensure that the prevention of 
the spread of incipient fires is proportionate 
to the maintenance of the availability of the 
cloud service provided; 
• Extinguishing system or oxygen reduction; 
and 
• Fire alarm system with reporting to the 
local fire department. 
c) Organisational Measures: 
• Regular fire protection inspections to 
check compliance with fire protection 
requirements; and 
• Regular fire protection exercises. 
PS-06 Measures to prevent the failure of the 
technical supply facilities required for the 
operation of system components with which 
information from cloud customers is 
processed, are documented and set up in 
accordance with the security requirements 
of the Cloud Service Provider (cf. PS-01 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats 
including natural disasters and man-made threats. 


--- Page 65 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 61 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Security Concept) with respect to the 
following aspects: 
a) Operational redundancy (N+1) in power 
and cooling supply 
b) Use of appropriately sized uninterruptible 
power supplies (UPS) and emergency power 
systems (NEA), designed to ensure that all 
data remains undamaged in the event of a 
power failure. The functionality of UPS and 
NEA is checked at least annually by suitable 
tests and exercises (cf. BCM-04 - 
Verification, updating and testing of 
business continuity). 
c) Maintenance (servicing, inspection, 
repair) of the utilities in accordance with the 
manufacturer's recommendations.  
d) Protection of power supply and 
telecommunications lines against 
interruption, interference, damage and 
eavesdropping. The protection is checked 
regularly, but at least every two years, as 
well as in case of suspected manipulation by 
qualified personnel regarding the following 
aspects: 
• Traces of violent attempts to open closed 
distributors; 
• Up-to-datedness of the documentation in 
the distribution list; 
• Conformity of the actual wiring and 
patching with the documentation; 


--- Page 66 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 62 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• The short-circuits and earthing of 
unneeded cables are intact; and 
• Impermissible installations and 
modifications. 
PS-07 The operating parameters of the 
technical utilities (cf. PS-06) and the 
environmental parameters of the premises 
and buildings related to the cloud service 
provided are monitored and controlled in 
accordance with the security requirements 
of the Cloud Service Provider (cf. PS-01 
Security Concept). When the permitted 
control range is exceeded, the responsible 
departments of the Cloud-Provider are 
automatically informed in order to promptly 
initiate the necessary measures for return to 
the control range. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats 
including natural disasters and man-made threats. 
 
 
OPS: Operations 
Control Objective 5.6: Ensure proper and regular operation, including appropriate measures for planning and monitoring capacity, protection against 
malware, logging and monitoring events, and dealing with vulnerabilities, malfunctions and failures. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
OPS-01 The planning of capacities and 
resources (personnel and IT resources) 
follows an established procedure in order 
to avoid possible capacity bottlenecks. The 
procedures include forecasting future 
CA-30 - Processing capacity and availability are monitored by Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed.  
CA-31 - M365 management reviews capacity and availability on a monthly basis. Any issues with or 
changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
 


--- Page 67 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 63 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
capacity requirements in order to identify 
usage trends and manage system overload.  
Cloud Service Providers take appropriate 
measures to ensure that they continue to 
meet the requirements agreed with cloud 
customers for the provision of the cloud 
service in the event of capacity bottlenecks 
or outages regarding personnel and IT 
resources, in particular those relating to 
the dedicated use of system components, 
in accordance with the respective 
agreements. 
OPS-02 Technical and organisational 
safeguards for the monitoring and 
provisioning and de-provisioning of cloud 
services are defined. Thus, the Cloud 
Service Provider ensures that resources are 
provided and/or services are rendered 
according to the contractual agreements 
and that compliance with the service level 
agreements is ensured. 
CA-14 - Changes and updates to the M365 environment are communicated through the admin 
Message Center part of the M365 Admin Center 
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center. 
CA-30 - Processing capacity and availability are monitored by Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-31 - M365 management reviews capacity and availability on a monthly basis. Any issues with or 
changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 


--- Page 68 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 64 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 - User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
CUEC-14 - User entities are responsible for managing their data output from M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 
OPS-03 Depending on the capabilities of 
the respective service model, the cloud 
customer can control and monitor the 
allocation of the system resources assigned 
to the customer for administration/use in 
order to avoid overcrowding of resources 
and to achieve sufficient performance. 
Note:  
This C5 criteria is not applicable as M365 is a SaaS offering and none of the in-scope services provide 
customers the ability to alter capacity. 
OPS-04 Policies and instructions with 
specifications for protection against 
malware are documented, communicated, 
and provided in accordance with SP-01 
with respect to the following aspects: 
• Use of system-specific protection 
mechanisms; 
• Operating protection programs on 
system components under the 
responsibility of the Cloud Service Provider 
that are used to provide the cloud service 
in the production environment; and 
• Operation of protection programs for 
employees' terminal equipment. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to 
include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
 


--- Page 69 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 65 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
OPS-05 System components under the 
Cloud Service Provider's responsibility that 
are used to deploy the cloud service in the 
production environment are configured 
with malware protection according to the 
policies and instructions. If protection 
programs are set up with signature and 
behaviour-based malware detection and 
removal, these protection programs are 
updated at least daily. 
CA-45 - Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines 
infected systems. Antimalware signatures are updated as available.  
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, network device 
vulnerability scanning over M365 services hosted on physical servers. 
OPS-06 Policies and instructions for data 
backup and recovery are documented, 
communicated and provided in accordance 
with SP-01 regarding the following aspects. 
• The extent and frequency of data 
backups and the duration of data retention 
are consistent with the contractual 
agreements with the cloud customers and 
the Cloud Service Provider's operational 
continuity requirements for Recovery Time 
Objective (RTO) and Recovery Point 
Objective (RPO); 
• Data is backed up in encrypted, state-of-
the-art form;  
• Access to the backed-up data and the 
execution of restores is performed only by 
authorised persons; and 
CA-49 - Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and/or other redundancy 
measures supporting the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-50 - Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-51 - Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
CA-55 - Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 


--- Page 70 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 66 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Tests of recovery procedures (cf. OPS-
08). 
OPS-07 The execution of data backups is 
monitored by technical and organisational 
measures. Malfunctions are investigated by 
qualified staff and rectified promptly to 
ensure compliance with contractual 
obligations to cloud customers or the Cloud 
Service Provider's business requirements 
regarding the scope and frequency of data 
backup and the duration of storage. 
CA-49 - Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and/or other redundancy 
measures supporting the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-51 - Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-09 - User entities are responsible for enabling and maintaining email restoration for EXO. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
OPS-08 Restore procedures are tested 
regularly, at least annually. The tests allow 
an assessment to be made as to whether 
the contractual agreements as well as the 
specifications for the maximum tolerable 
downtime (Recovery Time Objective, RTO) 
and the maximum permissible data loss 
(Recovery Point Objective, RPO) are 
adhered to (cf. BCM-02). 
Deviations from the specifications are 
reported to the responsible personnel or 
system components so that these can 
promptly assess the deviations and initiate 
the necessary actions. 
CA-50 - Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
ELC-09 - Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is 
ready to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that 
enables the business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter 
provides a strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent 
long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 


--- Page 71 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 67 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
OPS-09 The Cloud Service Provider 
transfers data to be backed up to a remote 
location or transports these on backup 
media to a remote location. If the data 
backup is transmitted to the remote 
location via a network, the data backup or 
the transmission of the data takes place in 
an encrypted form that corresponds to the 
state-of-the-art. The distance to the main 
site is chosen after sufficient consideration 
of the factors recovery times and impact of 
disasters on both sites. The physical and 
environmental security measures at the 
remote site are at the same level as at the 
main site. 
 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data center 
and between data centers. 
CA-49 - Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and/or other redundancy 
measures supporting the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-51 - Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
CA-54 - Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address the removal and disposal of 
physical assets. 
OPS-10 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established policies and instructions that 
govern the logging and monitoring of 
events on system components within its 
area of responsibility. These policies and 
instructions are documented, 
communicated and provided according to 
SP-01 with respect to the following 
aspects: 
• Definition of events that could lead to a 
violation of the protection goals; 
• Specifications for activating, stopping and 
pausing the various logs; 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet.  
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-15 - The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to 
select personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for managing the logging and monitoring 
infrastructure. 


--- Page 72 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 68 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Information regarding the purpose and 
retention period of the logs. 
• Define roles and responsibilities for 
setting up and monitoring logging; 
• Time synchronisation of system 
components; and 
• Compliance with legal and regulatory 
frameworks. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
OPS-11 Policies and instructions for the 
secure handling of metadata (usage data) 
are documented, communicated and 
provided according to SP-01 with regard to 
the following aspects: 
• Metadata is collected and used solely for 
billing, incident management and security 
incident management purposes; 
• Exclusively anonymous metadata to 
deploy and enhance the cloud service so 
that no conclusions can be drawn about 
the cloud customer or user; 
• No commercial use;  
• Storage for a fixed period reasonably 
related to the purposes of the collection; 
• Immediate deletion if the purposes of the 
collection are fulfilled and further storage 
is no longer necessary. 
• Provision to cloud customers according 
to contractual agreements. 
C5-CA-13 - (1) Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure 
collection and storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 
service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 


--- Page 73 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 69 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
OPS-12 The requirements for the logging 
and monitoring of events and for the 
secure handling of metadata are 
implemented by technically supported 
procedures with regard to the following 
restrictions: 
• Access only for authorised users and 
systems; 
• Retention for the specified period; and 
• Deletion when further retention is no 
longer necessary for the purpose of 
collection. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
C5-CA-13 - (1) Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure 
collection and storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 
service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-15 - The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to 
select personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
C5-CA-19 - M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
OPS-13 The logging data is automatically 
monitored for events that may violate the 
protection goals in accordance with the 
logging and monitoring requirements. This 
also includes the detection of relationships 
between events (event correlation).  
Identified events are automatically 
reported to the appropriate departments 
for prompt evaluation and action. 
CA-13 - Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of 
security incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed.  
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-29 - Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution.  
C5-CA-15 - The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to 
select personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 


--- Page 74 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 70 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
C5-CA-19 - M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for managing the logging and monitoring 
infrastructure. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
OPS-14 The Cloud Service Provider retains 
the generated log data and keeps these in 
an appropriate, unchangeable and 
aggregated form, regardless of the source 
of such data, so that a central, authorised 
evaluation of the data is possible. Log data 
is deleted if it is no longer required for the 
purpose for which they were collected.  
Between logging servers and the assets to 
be logged, authentication takes place to 
protect the integrity and authenticity of the 
information transmitted and stored. The 
transfer takes place using state-of-the-art 
encryption or a dedicated administration 
network (out-of-band management). 
 
 
 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data center 
and between data centers. 
C5-CA-13 - (1) Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure 
collection and storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 
service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-15 - The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to 
select personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
C5-CA-19 - M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for managing the logging and monitoring 
infrastructure. 


--- Page 75 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 71 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
OPS-15 The log data generated allows an 
unambiguous identification of user 
accesses at tenant level to support 
(forensic) analysis in the event of a security 
incident.  
Interfaces are available to conduct forensic 
analyses and perform backups of 
infrastructure components and their 
network communication. 
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 - M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
OPS-16 Access to system components for 
logging and monitoring in the Cloud Service 
Provider’s area of responsibility is 
restricted to authorised users. Changes to 
the configuration are made in accordance 
with the applicable policies (cf. DEV-03). 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
C5-CA-15 - The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to 
select personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
OPS-17 The Cloud Service Provider 
monitors the system components for 
logging and monitoring in its area of 
responsibility. Failures are automatically 
and promptly reported to the Cloud Service 
Provider’s responsible departments so that 
these can assess the failures and take 
required action. 
CA-29 - Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-30 - Processing capacity and availability are monitored by Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for managing the logging and monitoring 
infrastructure. 
 
OPS-18 Guidelines and instructions with 
technical and organisational measures are 
documented, communicated and provided 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 


--- Page 76 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 72 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
in accordance with SP-01 to ensure the 
timely identification and addressing of 
vulnerabilities in the system components 
used to provide the cloud service. These 
guidelines and instructions contain 
specifications regarding the following 
aspects: 
• Regular identification of vulnerabilities; 
• Assessment of the severity of identified 
vulnerabilities; 
• Prioritisation and implementation of 
actions to promptly remediate or mitigate 
identified vulnerabilities based on severity 
and according to defined timelines; and 
• Handling of system components for 
which no measures are initiated for the 
timely remediation or mitigation of 
vulnerabilities. 
 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and 
reported to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and 
non-compliant hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within 
the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
 
OPS-19 The Cloud Service Provider has 
penetration tests carried out by qualified 
internal personnel or external service 
providers at least once a year. The 
penetration tests are carried out according 
to a documented test methodology and 
include the system components relevant to 
the provision of the cloud service in the 
area of responsibility of the Cloud Service 
Provider, which have been identified as 
such in a risk analysis. 
C5-CA-16 - Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 


--- Page 77 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 73 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
The Cloud Service Provider assess the 
severity of the findings made in 
penetration tests according to defined 
criteria. 
For findings with medium or high criticality 
regarding the confidentiality, integrity or 
availability of the cloud service, actions 
must be taken within defined time 
windows for prompt remediation or 
mitigation. 
OPS-20 The Cloud Service Provider 
regularly measures, analyses and assesses 
the procedures with which vulnerabilities 
and incidents are handled to verify their 
continued suitability, appropriateness and 
effectiveness. 
Results are evaluated at least quarterly by 
accountable departments at the Cloud 
Service Provider to initiate continuous 
improvement actions and to verify their 
effectiveness. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and 
reported to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and 
non-compliant hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
OPS-21 The Cloud Service Provider 
periodically informs the cloud customer on 
the status of incidents affecting the cloud 
customer, or, where appropriate and 
necessary, involve the customer in the 
resolution, in a manner consistent with the 
contractual agreements. 
CA-13 - Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of 
security incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed.  
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center.  


--- Page 78 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 74 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
As soon as an incident has been resolved 
from the Cloud Service Provider's 
perspective, the cloud customer is 
informed according to the contractual 
agreements, about the actions taken. 
CA-16 - Customers can report issues and potential incidents by creating a service request through the 
admin portal, which includes the option for telephone support. Service request status and activity can 
be viewed through the Admin Center.  
OPS-22 System components in the area of 
responsibility of the Cloud Service Provider 
for the provision of the cloud service are 
automatically checked for known 
vulnerabilities at least once a month in 
accordance with the policies for handling 
vulnerabilities (cf. OPS-18), the severity is 
assessed in accordance with defined 
criteria and measures for timely 
remediation or mitigation are initiated 
within defined time windows. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and 
reported to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and 
non-compliant hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
 
OPS-23 System components in the 
production environment used to provide 
the cloud service under the Cloud Service 
Provider's responsibility are hardened 
according to generally accepted industry 
standards. The hardening requirements for 
each system component are documented. 
If non-modifiable ("immutable") images are 
used, compliance with the hardening 
specifications as defined in the hardening 
requirements is checked upon creation of 
the images. Configuration and log files 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for the enforcement of hardening standards to 
the platform services supporting M365. 


--- Page 79 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 75 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
regarding the continuous availability of the 
images are retained. 
OPS-24 Cloud customer data stored and 
processed on shared virtual and physical 
resources is securely and strictly separated 
according to a documented approach 
based on OIS-07 risk analysis to ensure the 
confidentiality and integrity of this data. 
CA-37 - Each M365 Service Customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' 
content to isolate customer tenant data flows. 
CA-54 - Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
CA-66 - Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 - User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
CUEC-13 - User entities are responsible for managing their stored data for completeness and accuracy. 
 
IDM: Identity and Access Management 
Control Objective 5.7: Secure the authorisation and authentication of users of the Cloud Service Provider (typically privileged users) to prevent unauthorised 
access. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
IDM-01 A role and rights concept based on 
the business and security requirements of 
the Cloud Service Provider as well as a 
policy for managing user accounts and 
access rights for internal and external 
employees of the Cloud Service Provider 
and system components that have a role in 
automated authorisation processes of the 
Cloud Service Provider are documented, 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and 
approved prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific 
applications or information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an 
authorized user. 
CA-34 - Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates 
policy on periodic change and password complexity. 


--- Page 80 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 76 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
communicated and made available 
according to SP-01: 
• Assignment of unique usernames;  
• Granting and modifying user accounts 
and access rights based on the “least-
privilege- principle” and the “need-to-
know” principle; 
• Segregation of duties between 
operational and monitoring functions 
(“Segregation of Duties”);  
• Segregation of duties between managing, 
approving and assigning user accounts and 
access rights;  
• Approval by authorised individual(s) or 
system(s) for granting or modifying user 
accounts and access rights before data of 
the cloud customer or system components 
used to provision the cloud service can be 
accessed;  
• Regular review of assigned user accounts 
and access rights;  
• Blocking and removing access accounts in 
the event of inactivity;  
• Time-based or event-driven removal or 
adjustment of access rights in the event of 
changes to job responsibility;  
• Two-factor or multi-factor authentication 
for users with privileged access; 
CA-35.a - Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on 
access expiration settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic 
expiration settings is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-36 - Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator 
access to the production environment. 
CA-43 - When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are 
revoked in a timely manner. 
CA-56 - Customer tenant administrators are automatically notified when a Customer Lockbox 
elevation request is initiated to access their content. The tenant administrator must authorize 
the access elevation request prior to access being granted to the content. 
CA-57 - Customer Lockbox elevation requests require management approval prior to submission 
to the tenant administrator. 
CA-58 - Customer Lockbox elevation requests to customer content require an associated service 
request. 
CA-59 - Customer Lockbox elevation requests are displayed in the tenant M365 Admin Center. 
CA-60 - When using Customer Lockbox, the service where the content is accessed logs the 
access made by the Microsoft Operator, and the entry can be found in the Audit log search. 
CA-61 - Microsoft management reviews both Customer Lockbox and capacity server elevation 
logs and investigates any anomalies. All elevations statistics are aggregated, reviewed, and 
reported to management annually. 
C5-CA-03 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of 
system and data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service 
teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role/Eligibility approval process 


--- Page 81 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 77 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Requirements for the approval and 
documentation of the management of user 
accounts and access rights. 
 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-02 - User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-03 - User entities are responsible for managing their user’s password authentication 
mechanism. 
CUEC-16 - When employing Customer Lockbox, user entities are responsible for reviewing 
Microsoft requests to customer content and approving appropriate requests in a timely 
manner. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
IDM-02 Specified procedures for granting 
and modifying user accounts and access 
rights for internal and external employees 
of the Cloud Service Provider as well as for 
system components involved in automated 
authorisation processes of the Cloud 
Service Provider ensure compliance with 
the role and rights concept as well as the 
policy for managing user accounts and 
access rights. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-34 - Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates 
policy on periodic change and password complexity. 
CA-35.a - Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access 
expiration settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration 
settings is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 


--- Page 82 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 78 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-02 - User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-03 - User entities are responsible for managing their user’s password authentication 
mechanism. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
IDM-03 User accounts of internal and 
external employees of the Cloud Service 
Provider as well as for system components 
involved in automated authorisation 
processes of the Cloud Service Provider are 
automatically locked if they have not been 
used for a period of two months. Approval 
from authorised personnel or system 
components are required to unlock these 
accounts. 
Locked user accounts are automatically 
revoked after six months. After revocation, 
the procedure for granting user accounts 
and access rights (cf. IDM-02) must be 
repeated.  
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-35.a - Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access 
expiration settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration 
settings is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
IDM-04 Access rights are promptly revoked 
if the job responsibilities of the Cloud 
Service Provider's internal or external staff 
or the tasks of system components 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 


--- Page 83 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 79 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
involved in the Cloud Service Provider's 
automated authorisation processes 
change. Privileged access rights are 
adjusted or revoked within 48 hours after 
the change taking effect. All other access 
rights are adjusted or revoked within 14 
days. After revocation, the procedure for 
granting user accounts and access rights 
(cf. IDM-02) must be repeated. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-35.a - Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access 
expiration settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration 
settings is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-43 - When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are 
revoked in a timely manner. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
IDM-05 Access rights of internal and 
external employees of the Cloud Service 
Provider as well as of system components 
that play a role in automated authorisation 
processes of the Cloud Service Provider are 
reviewed at least once a year to ensure 
that they still correspond to the actual area 
of use. The review is carried out by 
authorised persons from the Cloud Service 
Provider's organisational units, who can 
assess the appropriateness of the assigned 
access rights based on their knowledge of 
the task areas of the employees or system 
components. Identified deviations will be 
dealt with promptly, but no later than 7 
days after their detection, by appropriate 
CA-35.a - Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access 
expiration settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration 
settings is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
 
Note:  
The access revocation based on user access reviews may or may not be completed within 7 days of 
identification given the time allotted to reviewers to finalize their review of accounts. Based on the 
access reviews, access modifications or withdrawals, if any, are performed as needed. User access 


--- Page 84 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 80 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
modification or withdrawal of the access 
rights. 
reviews are performed on a quarterly basis rather than on an annual basis as noted in the criteria. 
Thus, we can conclude that the design of controls is appropriate to meet the C5 objective 5.7. 
IDM-06 Privileged access rights for internal 
and external employees as well as technical 
users of the Cloud Service Provider are 
assigned and changed in accordance to the 
policy for managing user accounts and 
access rights (cf. IDM-01) or a separate 
specific policy. 
Privileged access rights are personalised, 
limited in time according to a risk 
assessment and assigned as necessary for 
the execution of tasks ("need-to-know 
principle"). Technical users are assigned to 
internal or external employees of the Cloud 
Service Provider. 
Activities of users with privileged access 
rights are logged in order to detect any 
misuse of privileged access in suspicious 
cases. The logged information is 
automatically monitored for defined events 
that may indicate misuse. When such an 
event is identified, the responsible 
personnel are automatically informed so 
that they can promptly assess whether 
misuse has occurred and take 
corresponding action. In the event of 
proven misuse of privileged access rights, 
disciplinary measures are taken in 
accordance with HR-04. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and 
responsibility for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses 
asset classification (to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and 
acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The 
policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-34 - Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates 
policy on periodic change and password complexity. 
CA-36 - Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator 
access to the production environment. 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data 
center and between data centers.  
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident 
Response Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program 
procedures. 
CA-54 - Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
C5-CA-04 - Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication 
between Azure and M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 


--- Page 85 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 81 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
C5-CA-19 - Microsoft 365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that 
monitors logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to 
appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 - User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and 
monitor continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-04 - User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 - User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
 
 


--- Page 86 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 82 
IDM-07 The cloud customer is informed by 
the Cloud Service Provider whenever 
internal or external employees of the Cloud 
Service Provider read or write to the cloud 
customer's data processed, stored or 
transmitted in the cloud service or have 
accessed it without the prior consent of the 
cloud customer. The Information is 
provided whenever data of the cloud 
customer is/was not encrypted, the 
encryption is/was disabled for access or 
the contractual agreements do not 
explicitly exclude such information. The 
information contains the cause, time, 
duration, type and scope of the access. The 
information is sufficiently detailed to 
enable subject matter experts of the cloud 
customer to assess the risks of the access. 
The information is provided in accordance 
with the contractual agreements, or within 
72 hours after the access. 
 
Note:  
This C5 criteria is not applicable as M365 cannot access customer data without consent of the 
customer. 
IDM-08 The allocation of authentication 
information to access system components 
used to provide the cloud service to 
internal and external users of the cloud 
provider and system components that are 
involved in automated authorisation 
processes of the cloud provider is done in 
an orderly manner that ensures the 
confidentiality of the information. If 
passwords are used as authentication 
information, their confidentiality is ensured 
by the following procedures, as far as 
technically possible:  
CA-34 - Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates 
policy on periodic change and password complexity. 
CA-36 - Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator 
access to the production environment. 
C5-CA-07 - Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service 
based on the M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures.  
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 - User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and 
monitor continued appropriateness of access. 


--- Page 87 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 83 
• Users can initially create the password 
themselves or must change an initial 
password when logging on to the system 
component for the first time. An initial 
password loses its validity after a maximum 
of 14 days. 
• When creating passwords, compliance 
with the password specifications (cf. IDM-
09) is enforced as far as technically 
possible. 
• The user is informed about changing or 
resetting the password. 
• The server-side storage takes place using 
cryptographically strong hash functions. 
Deviations are evaluated by means of a risk 
analysis and mitigating measures derived 
from this are implemented. 
 
 
CUEC-02 - User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-03 - User entities are responsible for managing their user’s password authentication 
mechanism. 
CUEC-04 - User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 - User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
IDM-09 System components in the Cloud 
Service Provider's area of responsibility 
that are used to provide the cloud service, 
authenticate users of the Cloud Service 
Provider's internal and external employees 
as well as system components that are 
involved in the Cloud Service Provider's 
automated authorisation processes. Access 
to the production environment requires 
two-factor or multi-factor authentication. 
Within the production environment, user 
authentication takes place through 
passwords, digitally signed certificates or 
procedures that achieve at least an 
equivalent level of security. If digitally 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-34 - Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates 
policy on periodic change and password complexity. 
CA-36 - Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator 
access to the production environment. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-02 - User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 


--- Page 88 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 84 
signed certificates are used, administration 
is carried out in accordance with the 
Guideline for Key Management (cf. CRY-
01). The password requirements are 
derived from a risk assessment and 
documented, communicated and provided 
in a password policy according to SP-01. 
Compliance with the requirements is 
enforced by the configuration of the 
system components, as far as technically 
possible. 
CUEC-03 - User entities are responsible for managing their user’s password authentication 
mechanism. 
CUEC-05 - User entities manage anonymous access to SPO sessions. 
CUEC-06 - User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
CRY: Cryptography and Key Management 
Control Objective 5.8: Ensure appropriate and effective use of cryptography to protect the confidentiality, authenticity or integrity of information. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
CRY-01 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards for 
encryption procedures and key 
management are documented, 
communicated and provided according to 
SP-01, in which the following aspects are 
described: 
• Usage of strong encryption procedures 
and secure network protocols that 
correspond to the state-of-the-art; 
• Risk-based provisions for the use of 
encryption which are aligned with the 
information classification schemes (cf. AM-
06) and consider the communication 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data 
center and between data centers. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident 
Response Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program 
procedures. 
CA-54 - Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
C5-CA-04 - Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication 
between Azure and M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-09 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and 
key management within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams.  


--- Page 89 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 85 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
channel, type, strength and quality of the 
encryption; 
• Requirements for the secure generation, 
storage, archiving, retrieval, distribution, 
withdrawal and deletion of the keys; and  
• Consideration of relevant legal and 
regulatory obligations and requirements. 
 
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 - M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to 
appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
 
CRY-02 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established procedures and technical 
measures for strong encryption and 
authentication for the transmission of data 
of cloud customers over public networks. 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data 
center and between data centers. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 - User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-04 - User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CRY-03 The Cloud Service Provider has 
established procedures and technical 
safeguards to encrypt cloud customers' data 
during storage. The private keys used for 
encryption are known only to the cloud 
customer in accordance with applicable 
legal and regulatory obligations and 
requirements. Exceptions follow a specified 
procedure. The procedures for the use of 
private keys, including any exceptions, must 
be contractually agreed with the cloud 
customer.  
CA-54 - Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
CA-62 - Customer mailboxes are encrypted per customer’s defined encryption policies using keys 
generated and maintained by the customer. 
CA-63 - When a customer requests a key deletion using the Exchange Customer Key service, the data 
is no longer accessible by Microsoft or the end user. 
CA-64 - Only keys noted in the tenant’s Data Encryption Policy can be used to access the data 
maintained in that tenant’s service encryption. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 - User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-04 - User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions.  


--- Page 90 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 86 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
CUEC-17 - User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use 
customer-owned keys are responsible for importing or generating their own encryption keys. 
CUEC-18 - User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use 
customer-owned keys are responsible for restricting access to the Azure Key Vault subscription. 
CUEC-19 - User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use 
customer-owned keys are responsible for rotating customer managed keys per their compliance 
policies. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data encryption 
for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CRY-04 Procedures and technical safeguards 
for secure key management in the area of 
responsibility of the Cloud Service Provider 
include at least the following aspects:  
• Generation of keys for different 
cryptographic systems and applications; 
• Issuing and obtaining public-key 
certificates; 
• Provisioning and activation of the keys; 
• Secure storage of keys (separation of key 
management system from application and 
middleware level) including description of 
how authorised users get access; 
• Changing or updating cryptographic keys 
including policies defining under which 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data 
center and between data centers. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident 
Response Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program 
procedures. 
CA-54 - Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
C5-CA-04 - Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication 
between Azure and M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-09 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and 
key management within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 - M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to 
appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 


--- Page 91 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 87 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
conditions and in which manner the changes 
and/or updates are to be realised; 
• Handling of compromised keys;  
• Withdrawal and deletion of keys; and  
• If pre-shared keys are used, the specific 
provisions relating to the safe use of this 
procedure are specified separately. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 - User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-04 - User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls  
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for Azure platform specific cryptographic key 
management. 
 
COS: Communication Security 
Control Objective 5.9: Ensure the protection of information in networks and the corresponding information processing systems. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
COS-01 Based on the results of a risk 
analysis carried out according to OIS-06, the 
Cloud Service Provider has implemented 
technical safeguards which are suitable to 
promptly detect and respond to network-
based attacks on the basis of irregular 
incoming or outgoing traffic patterns and/or 
Distributed Denial- of-Service (DDoS) 
attacks. Data from corresponding technical 
protection measures implemented is fed 
into a comprehensive SIEM (Security 
Information and Event Management) 
system, so that (counter) measures 
regarding correlating events can be 
initiated. The safeguards are documented, 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-29 - Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 


--- Page 92 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 88 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
communicated and provided in accordance 
with SP-01. 
COS-02 Specific security requirements are 
designed, published and provided for 
establishing connections within the Cloud 
Service Provider's network. The security 
requirements define for the Cloud Service 
Provider's area of responsibility:  
• in which cases the security zones are to be 
separated and in which cases cloud 
customers are to be logically or physically 
segregated; 
• which communication relationships and 
which network and application protocols are 
permitted in each case; 
• how the data traffic for administration and 
monitoring is segregated from each on 
network level; 
• which internal, cross-location 
communication is permitted and; 
• which cross-network communication is 
allowed 
CA-37 - Each M365 Service Customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' 
content to isolate customer tenant data flows. 
C5-CA-06 - Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic 
from management traffic. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
COS-03 A distinction is made between 
trusted and untrusted networks. Based on a 
risk assessment, these are separated into 
different security zones for internal and 
external network areas (and DMZ, if 
applicable). Physical and virtualised network 
environments are designed and configured 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and 
responsibility for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset 
classification (to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, 
incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is 
available on the intranet. 


--- Page 93 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 89 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
to restrict and monitor the established 
connection to trusted or untrusted 
networks according to the defined security 
requirements. 
The entirety of the conception and 
configuration undertaken to monitor the 
connections mentioned is assessed in a risk-
oriented manner, at least annually, with 
regard to the resulting security 
requirements. 
Identified vulnerabilities and deviations are 
subject to risk assessment in accordance 
with the risk management procedure (cf. 
OIS-06) and follow-up measures are defined 
and tracked (cf. OPS-18). 
At specified intervals, the business 
justification for using all services, protocols, 
and ports is reviewed. The review also 
includes the justifications for compensatory 
measures for the use of protocols that are 
considered insecure. 
CA-37 - Each M365 Service Customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' 
content to isolate customer tenant data flows. 
C5-CA-06 - Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic 
from management traffic.  
C5-CA-16 - Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
COS-04 Each network perimeter is 
controlled by security gateways. The system 
access authorisation for cross-network 
access is based on a security assessment 
based on the requirements of the cloud 
customers. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-37 - Each M365 Service Customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' 
content to isolate customer tenant data flows. 
 


--- Page 94 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 90 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
COS-05 There are separate networks for the 
administrative management of the 
infrastructure and for the operation of 
management consoles. These networks are 
logically or physically separated from the 
cloud customer's network and protected 
from unauthorised access by multi-factor 
authentication (cf. IDM-09). Networks used 
by the Cloud Service Provider to migrate or 
create virtual machines are also physically or 
logically separated from other networks. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
C5-CA-06 - Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic 
from management traffic.  
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
COS-06 Data traffic of cloud customers in 
jointly used network environments is 
segregated on network level according to a 
documented concept to ensure the 
confidentiality and integrity of the data 
transmitted. 
 
CA-37 - Each M365 Service Customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' 
content to isolate customer tenant data flows. 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data 
center and between data centers. 
C5-CA-06 - Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic 
from management traffic. 
C5-CA-07 - Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based 
on the M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures.  
 
 


--- Page 95 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 91 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
COS-07 The documentation of the logical 
structure of the network used to provision 
or operate the Cloud Service, is traceable 
and up-to-date, in order to avoid 
administrative errors during live operation 
and to ensure timely recovery in the event 
of malfunctions in accordance with 
contractual obligations. The documentation 
shows how the subnets are allocated and 
how the network is zoned and segmented. 
In addition, the geographical locations in 
which the cloud customers' data is stored 
are indicated. 
CA-05 - Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and 
service offerings of M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
 
COS-08 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards in 
order to protect the transmission of data 
against unauthorised interception, 
manipulation, copying, modification, 
redirection or destruction are documented, 
communicated and provided according to 
SP-01. The policy and instructions establish 
a reference to the classification of 
information (cf. AM-06). 
 
CA-66 - Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
C5-CA-08 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, 
based on risk. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
 
 


--- Page 96 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 92 
PI: Portability and Interoperability 
Control Objective 5.10: Enable the ability to access the cloud service via other cloud services or IT systems of the cloud customers, to obtain the stored data 
at the end of the contractual relationship and to securely delete it from the Cloud Service Provider. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
PI-01 The cloud service can be accessed by 
other cloud services or IT systems of cloud 
customers through documented inbound 
and outbound interfaces. Further, the 
interfaces are clearly documented for 
subject matter experts on how they can be 
used to retrieve the data. 
Communication takes place through 
standardised communication protocols that 
ensure the confidentiality and integrity of 
the transmitted information according to its 
protection requirements. Communication 
over untrusted networks is encrypted 
according to CRY-02. 
The type and scope of the documentation 
on the interfaces is geared to the needs of 
the cloud customers' subject matter experts 
in order to enable the use of these 
interfaces. The information is maintained in 
such a way that it is applicable for the cloud 
service's version which is intended for 
productive use. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management 
review. Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified 
and reported to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant 
and non-compliant hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-44 - Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data 
center and between data centers. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
C5-CA-09 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and 
key management within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 - User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their 
service contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality. 
CUEC-11 - User entities are responsible for managing their data inputs, and data uploads to M365 for 
completeness, accuracy, and timeliness. 
CUEC-12 - User entities are responsible for managing their data processing within M365 for 
completeness, accuracy, and timeliness. 
CUEC-13 - User entities are responsible for managing their stored data for completeness and accuracy. 
 
 


--- Page 97 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 93 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
PI-02 In contractual agreements, the 
following aspects are defined with regard to 
the termination of the contractual 
relationship, insofar as these are applicable 
to the cloud service: 
• Type, scope and format of the data the 
Cloud Service Provider provides to the cloud 
customer; 
• Definition of the timeframe, within which 
the Cloud Service Provider makes the data 
available to the cloud customer;  
• Definition of the point in time as of which 
the Cloud Service Provider makes the data 
inaccessible to the cloud customer and 
deletes these; and 
• The cloud customers' responsibilities and 
obligations to cooperate for the provision of 
the data. 
The definitions are based on the needs of 
subject matter experts of potential 
customers who assess the suitability of the 
cloud service with regard to a dependency 
on the Cloud Service Provider as well as legal 
and regulatory requirements. 
CA-12 - M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected 
in the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, 
and Office Hours. 
CA-55 - Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
C5-CA-11 - Customer data is accessible within agreed upon services in data formats compatible with 
providing those services. 
C5-CA-13 - (1) Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure 
collection and storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 
service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 - User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their 
service contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality. 
CUEC-11 - User entities are responsible for managing their data inputs, and data uploads to M365 for 
completeness, accuracy, and timeliness. 
CUEC-14 - User entities are responsible for managing their data output from M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 


--- Page 98 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 94 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
PI-03 The Cloud Service Provider's 
procedures for deleting the cloud 
customers' data upon termination of the 
contractual relationship ensure compliance 
with the contractual agreements (cf. PI-02). 
The deletion includes data in the cloud 
customer's environment, metadata and data 
stored in the data backups. 
The deletion procedures prevent recovery 
by forensic means. 
CA-55 - Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
C5-CA-13 - (1) Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure 
collection and storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 
service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-09 - User entities are responsible for enabling and maintaining email restoration for EXO. 
CUEC-13 - User entities are responsible for managing their stored data for completeness and accuracy. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for hard-disk management and 
backup tape offsite-management. 
 
 


--- Page 99 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 95 
DEV: Procurement, Development and Modification of Information Systems 
Control Objective 5.11: Ensure information security in the development cycle of information systems. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
DEV-01 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational measures for 
the secure development of the cloud service 
are documented, communicated and 
provided in accordance with SP-01. 
The policies and instructions contain 
guidelines for the entire life cycle of the 
cloud service and are based on recognised 
standards and methods with regard to the 
following aspects: 
• Security in Software Development 
(Requirements, Design, Implementation, 
Testing and Verification);  
• Security in software deployment (including 
continuous delivery); and 
• Security in operation (reaction to 
identified faults and vulnerabilities). 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-19 - For teams utilizing the Developer / Operations model, monitoring processes or system 
configurations are in place to identify and remediate unapproved changes to production. 
CA-20 - Emergency changes to the production environment follow an emergency change approval 
process. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-38 - Physical production servers go through a quality assurance review prior to installation in the 
production environment to confirm the server is configured in compliance with baseline security and 
operational settings according to the server’s intended use.  
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
 
 
 
 


--- Page 100 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 96 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
DEV-02 In the case of outsourced 
development of the cloud service (or 
individual system components), 
specifications regarding the following 
aspects are contractually agreed between 
the Cloud Service Provider and the 
outsourced development contractor: 
• Security in software development 
(requirements, design, implementation, 
tests and verifications) in accordance with 
recognised standards and methods; 
• Acceptance testing of the quality of the 
services provided in accordance with the 
agreed functional and non-functional 
requirements; and 
• Providing evidence that sufficient 
verifications have been carried out to rule 
out the existence of known vulnerabilities. 
Note:   
Criteria is not applicable as M365 does not outsource the design or development of source code to 
third parties. 
DEV-03 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards for 
change management of system components 
of the cloud service within the scope of 
software deployment are documented, 
communicated and provided according to 
SP-01 with regard to the following aspects: 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-19 - For teams utilizing the Developer / Operations model, monitoring processes or system 
configurations are in place to identify and remediate unapproved changes to production. 
CA-20 - Emergency changes to the production environment follow an emergency change approval 
process. 


--- Page 101 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 97 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Criteria for risk assessment, categorisation 
and prioritisation of changes and related 
requirements for the type and scope of 
testing to be performed, and necessary 
approvals for the 
development/implementation of the change 
and releases for deployment in the 
production environment by authorised 
personnel or system components; 
• Requirements for the performance and 
documentation of tests; 
• Requirements for segregation of duties 
during development, testing and release of 
changes; 
• Requirements for the proper information 
of cloud customers about the type and 
scope of the change as well as the resulting 
obligations to cooperate in accordance with 
the contractual agreements; 
• Requirements for the documentation of 
changes in system, operational and user 
documentation; and 
• Requirements for the implementation and 
documentation of emergency changes that 
must comply with the same level of security 
as normal changes. 
 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-38 - Physical production servers go through a quality assurance review prior to installation in the 
production environment to confirm the server is configured in compliance with baseline security and 
operational settings according to the server’s intended use.  
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
DEV-04 The Cloud Service Provider provides 
a training program for regular, target group-
oriented security training and awareness for 
internal and external employees on 
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-
disclosure provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are 
provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior 
with regard to information and information system usage, including the consequences of violating 


--- Page 102 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 98 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
standards and methods of secure software 
development and provision as well as on 
how to use the tools used for this purpose. 
The program is regularly reviewed and 
updated with regard to the applicable 
policies and instructions, the assigned roles 
and responsibilities and the tools used. 
relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. Employees are 
required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination.  
ELC-12 - Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
DEV-05 In accordance with the applicable 
policies (cf. DEV-03), changes are subjected 
to a risk assessment with regard to potential 
effects on the system components 
concerned and are categorised and 
prioritised accordingly. 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
DEV-06 Changes to the cloud service are 
subject to appropriate testing during 
software development and deployment. 
The type and scope of the tests correspond 
to the risk assessment. The tests are carried 
out by appropriately qualified personnel of 
the Cloud Service Provider or by automated 
test procedures that comply with the state-
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 


--- Page 103 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 99 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
of-the-art. Cloud customers are involved 
into the tests in accordance with the 
contractual requirements. 
The severity of the errors and vulnerabilities 
identified in the tests, which are relevant for 
the deployment decision, is determined 
according to defined criteria and actions for 
timely remediation or mitigation are 
initiated. 
DEV-07 System components and tools for 
source code management and software 
deployment that are used to make changes 
to system components of the cloud service 
in the production environment are subject 
to a role and rights concept according to 
IDM-01 and authorisation mechanisms. 
They must be configured in such a way that 
all changes are logged and can therefore be 
traced back to the individuals or system 
components executing them. 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-36 - Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator 
access to the production environment. 
C5-CA-05 - Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. 
Procedures are established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. 
Authorization is based on role.  
DEV-08 Version control procedures are set 
up to track dependencies of individual 
changes and to restore affected system 
components back to their previous state as 
a result of errors or identified vulnerabilities. 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-19 - For teams utilizing the Developer / Operations model, monitoring processes or system 
configurations are in place to identify and remediate unapproved changes to production. 
CA-20 - Emergency changes to the production environment follow an emergency change approval 
process. 


--- Page 104 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 100 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
C5-CA-02 - In case of errors or security concerns, changes are rolled back to their previous state or 
rolled forward to a corrected state. 
DEV-09 Authorised personnel or system 
components of the Cloud Service Provider 
approve changes to the cloud service based 
on defined criteria (e.g. test results and 
required approvals) before these are made 
available to the cloud customers in the 
production environment. 
Cloud customers are involved in the release 
according to contractual requirements. 
CA-14 - Changes and updates to the M365 environment are communicated through the admin 
Message Center part of the M365 Admin Center. 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-20 - Emergency changes to the production environment follow an emergency change approval 
process. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
DEV-10 Production environments are 
physically or logically separated from test or 
development environments to prevent 
unauthorised access to cloud customer 
data, the spread of malware, or changes to 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 


--- Page 105 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 101 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
system components. Data contained in the 
production environments is not used in test 
or development environments in order not 
to compromise their confidentiality. 
CA-66 - Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
 
Note:  
Customers’ data is not used for testing in the M365 environment. Thus, we can conclude that the 
design is appropriate to meet this C5 criteria. 
 
 
SSO: Control and Monitoring of Service Providers and Suppliers 
Control Objective 5.12: Ensure the protection of information that service providers or suppliers of the Cloud Service Provider (subcontractors) can access 
and monitor the agreed services and security requirements. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
SSO-01 Policies and instructions for 
controlling and monitoring third parties (e.g. 
service providers or suppliers) whose 
services contribute to the provision of the 
cloud service are documented, 
communicated and provided in accordance 
with SP-01 with respect to the following 
aspects: 
• Requirements for the assessment of risks 
resulting from the procurement of third-
party services; 
• Requirements for the classification of third 
parties based on the risk assessment by the 
Cloud Service Provider and the 
determination of whether the third party is a 
subcontractor (cf. Supplementary 
Information); 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-53 - M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating 
attestation reports when available.  
ELC-08 - Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure 
provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided 
Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with 
regard to information and information system usage, including the consequences of violating relevant 
laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. Employees are required to 
acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
ELC-12 - Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 


--- Page 106 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 102 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Information security requirements for the 
processing, storage or transmission of 
information by third parties based on 
recognised industry standards; 
• Information security awareness and 
training requirements for staff; 
• applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements; 
• Requirements for dealing with 
vulnerabilities, security incidents and 
malfunctions; 
• Specifications for the contractual 
agreement of these requirements; 
• Specifications for the monitoring of these 
requirements; and 
• Specifications for applying these 
requirements also to service providers used 
by the third parties, insofar as the services 
provided by these service providers also 
contribute to the provision of the cloud 
service. 
 
ELC-15 - Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are 
identified and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement 
process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties 
and establishing relevant agreements. 
C5-CA-21 - Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the 
services that will be provided and data handled. List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
 
SSO-02 Service providers and suppliers of 
the Cloud Service Provider undergo a risk 
assessment in accordance with the policies 
and instructions for the control and 
monitoring of third parties prior to 
contributing to the delivery of the cloud 
service. The adequacy of the risk assessment 
is reviewed regularly, at least annually, by 
ELC-15 - Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are 
identified and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement 
process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties 
and establishing relevant agreements. 
C5-CA-21 - Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the 
services that will be provided and data handled. List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
 


--- Page 107 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 103 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
qualified personnel of the Cloud Service 
Provider during service usage. 
The risk assessment includes the 
identification, analysis, evaluation, handling 
and documentation of risks with regard to 
the following aspects: 
• Protection needs regarding the 
confidentiality, integrity, availability and 
authenticity of information processed, 
stored or transmitted by the third party;  
• Impact of a protection breach on the 
provision of the cloud service; 
• The Cloud Service Provider's dependence 
on the service provider or supplier for the 
scope, complexity and uniqueness of the 
service purchased, including the 
consideration of possible alternatives. 
SSO-03 The Cloud Service Provider maintains 
a directory for controlling and monitoring 
the service providers and suppliers who 
contribute services to the delivery of the 
cloud service. The following information is 
maintained in the directory: 
• Company name; 
• Address; 
• Locations of data processing and storage; 
• Responsible contact person at the service 
provider/supplier; 
ELC-15 - Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are 
identified and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement 
process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties 
and establishing relevant agreements. 
C5-CA-21 - Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the 
services that will be provided and data handled. List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
 


--- Page 108 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 104 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Responsible contact person at the cloud 
service provider; 
• Description of the service; 
• Classification based on the risk 
assessment; 
• Beginning of service usage; and 
• Proof of compliance with contractually 
agreed requirements. 
The information in the list is checked at least 
annually for completeness, accuracy and 
validity. 
SSO-04 The Cloud Service Provider monitors 
compliance with information security 
requirements and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements in accordance with 
policies and instructions concerning 
controlling and monitoring of third-parties. 
Monitoring includes a regular review of the 
following evidence to the extent that such 
evidence is to be provided by third parties in 
accordance with the contractual 
agreements: 
• reports on the quality of the service 
provided; 
• certificates of the management systems' 
compliance with international standards; 
• independent third-party reports on the 
suitability and operating effectiveness of 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 - Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment 
are tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 - Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, 
vulnerability scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-53 - M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating 
attestation reports when available.  
ELC-07 - The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk 
assessment process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are 
reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of 
Directors on behalf of senior management. 


--- Page 109 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 105 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
their service-related internal control 
systems; and 
• Records of the third parties on the 
handling of vulnerabilities, security incidents 
and malfunctions. 
The frequency of the monitoring 
corresponds to the classification of the third 
party based on the risk assessment 
conducted by the Cloud Service Provider (cf. 
SSO-02). The results of the monitoring are 
included in the review of the third party's 
risk assessment. 
Identified violations and deviations are 
subjected to analysis, evaluation and 
treatment in accordance with the risk 
management procedure (cf. OIS-07). 
ELC-09 - Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is 
ready to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that 
enables the business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter 
provides a strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent 
long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics. 
ELC-15 - Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are 
identified and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement 
process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties 
and establishing relevant agreements. 
C5-CA-21 - Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the 
services that will be provided and data handled. List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
SSO-05 The Cloud Service Provider has 
defined and documented exit strategies for 
the purchase of services where the risk 
assessment of the service providers and 
suppliers regarding the scope, complexity 
and uniqueness of the purchased service 
resulted in a very high dependency (cf. 
Supplementary Information). 
Exit strategies are aligned with operational 
continuity plans and include the following 
aspects: 
• Analysis of the potential costs, impacts, 
resources and timing of the transition of a 
ELC-09 - Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is 
ready to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that 
enables the business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter 
provides a strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent 
long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics. 
ELC-15 - Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are 
identified and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement 
process. Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties 
and establishing relevant agreements. 


--- Page 110 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 106 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
purchased service to an alternative service 
provider or supplier; 
• Definition and allocation of roles, 
responsibilities and sufficient resources to 
perform the activities for a transition; 
• Definition of success criteria for the 
transition; 
• Definition of indicators for monitoring the 
performance of services, which should 
initiate the withdrawal from the service if 
the results are unacceptable. 
C5-CA-21 - Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the 
services that will be provided and data handled. List of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
 
 
 


--- Page 111 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 107 
SIM: Security Incident Management 
Control Objective 5.13: Ensure a consistent and comprehensive approach to the capture, assessment, communication and escalation of security incidents. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
SIM-01 Policies and instructions with 
technical and organisational safeguards are 
documented, communicated and provided 
in accordance with SP-01 to ensure a fast, 
effective and proper response to all known 
security incidents. 
The Cloud Service Provider defines 
guidelines for the classification, prioritisation 
and escalation of security incidents and 
creates interfaces to the incident 
management and business continuity 
management. 
In addition, the Cloud Service Provider has 
set up a “Computer Emergency Response 
Team” (CERT), which contributes to the 
coordinated resolution of occurring security 
incidents. 
Customers affected by security incidents are 
informed in a timely and appropriate 
manner. 
CA-01 - An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the 
M365 environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system 
operation and service availability. 
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center. 
CA-16 - Customers can report issues and potential incidents by creating a service request through the 
admin portal, which includes the option for telephone support. Service request status and activity can 
be viewed through the Admin Center. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-29 - Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
SIM-02 Subject matter experts of the Cloud 
Service Provider, together with external 
security providers where appropriate, 
classify, prioritise and perform root-cause 
analyses for events that could constitute a 
security incident. 
CA-13 - Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of 
security incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked until resolution in an incident tracking system. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 


--- Page 112 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 108 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
C5-CA-16 - Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 - User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their 
service contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
SIM-03 After a security incident has been 
processed, the solution is documented in 
accordance with the contractual agreements 
and the report is sent to the affected 
customers for final acknowledgement or, if 
applicable, as confirmation. 
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center.  
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked until resolution in an incident tracking system. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 - User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their 
service contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality. 
 
 
 


--- Page 113 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 109 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
SIM-04 The Cloud Service Provider informs 
employees and external business partners of 
their obligations. If necessary, they agree to 
or are contractually obliged to report all 
security events that become known to them 
and are directly related to the cloud service 
provided by the Cloud Service Provider to a 
previously designated central office of the 
Cloud Service Provider promptly. 
In addition, the Cloud Service Provider 
communicates that "“false reports"” of 
events that do not subsequently turn out to 
be incidents do not have any negative 
consequences. 
CA-17 - M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility 
for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification 
(to include data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-12 - Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
SIM-05 Mechanisms are in place to measure 
and monitor the type and scope of security 
incidents and to report them to support 
agencies. The information obtained from the 
evaluation is used to identify recurrent or 
significant incidents and to identify the need 
for further protection. 
CA-13 - Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of 
security incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked until resolution in an incident tracking system.  
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
 
 
 


--- Page 114 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 110 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 - User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing 
integrity, and confidentiality issues. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls over 
protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
BCM: Business Continuity Management 
Control Objective 5.14: Plan, implement, maintain and test procedures and measures for business continuity and emergency management. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
BCM-01 The top management (or a member 
of the top management) of the Cloud 
Service Provider is named as the process 
owner of business continuity and emergency 
management and is responsible for 
establishing the process within the company 
as well as ensuring compliance with the 
guidelines. They must ensure that sufficient 
resources are made available for an effective 
process. 
People in management and other relevant 
leadership positions demonstrate leadership 
and commitment to this issue by 
encouraging employees to actively 
contribute to the effectiveness of continuity 
and emergency management. 
 
ELC-09 - Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is 
ready to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that 
enables the business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter 
provides a strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent 
long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for business continuity 
procedures and contingency management for the datacenters used by M365. 


--- Page 115 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 111 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
BCM-02 Policies and instructions to 
determine the impact of any malfunction to 
the cloud service or enterprise are 
documented, communicated and made 
available in accordance with SP-01. The 
following aspects are considered as 
minimum: 
• Possible scenarios based on a risk analysis; 
• Identification of critical products and 
services 
• Identify dependencies, including processes 
(including resources required), applications, 
business partners and third parties; 
• Capture threats to critical products and 
services; 
• Identification of effects resulting from 
planned and unplanned malfunctions and 
changes over time; 
• Determination of the maximum acceptable 
duration of malfunctions; 
• Identification of restoration priorities; 
• Determination of time targets for the 
resumption of critical products and services 
within the maximum acceptable time period 
(RTO); 
• Determination of time targets for the 
maximum reasonable period during which 
data can be lost and not recovered (RPO); 
and 
ELC-09 - Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is 
ready to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that 
enables the business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter 
provides a strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent 
long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for business continuity 
procedures and contingency management for the datacenters used by M365. 


--- Page 116 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 112 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Estimation of the resources needed for 
resumption. 
BCM-03 Based on the business impact 
analysis, a single framework for operational 
continuity and business plan planning will be 
implemented, documented and enforced to 
ensure that all plans are consistent. Planning 
is based on established standards, which are 
documented in a “Statement of 
Applicability”. 
Business continuity plans and contingency 
plans take the following aspects into 
account: 
• Defined purpose and scope with 
consideration of the relevant dependencies; 
• Accessibility and comprehensibility of the 
plans for persons who are to act accordingly; 
• Ownership by at least one designated 
person responsible for review, updating and 
approval; 
• Defined communication channels, roles 
and responsibilities including notification of 
the customer; 
• Recovery procedures, manual interim 
solutions and reference information (taking 
into account prioritisation in the recovery of 
cloud infrastructure components and 
services and alignment with customers); 
• Methods for putting the plans into effect; 
CA-50 - Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
ELC-09 - Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is 
ready to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that 
enables the business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter 
provides a strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent 
long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for business continuity procedures 
and contingency management for the datacenters used by M365. 


--- Page 117 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 113 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Continuous process improvement; and 
• Interfaces to Security Incident 
Management. 
 
BCM-04 The business impact analysis, 
business continuity plans and contingency 
plans are reviewed, updated and tested on a 
regular basis (at least annually) or after 
significant organisational or environmental 
changes. Tests involve affected customers 
(tenants) and relevant third parties. The 
tests are documented and results are taken 
into account for future operational 
continuity measures. 
CA-50 - Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
ELC-09 - Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is 
ready to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that 
enables the business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter 
provides a strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent 
long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over data replication 
and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC - Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for business continuity procedures 
and contingency management for the datacenters used by M365. 
 
COM: Compliance 
Control Objective 5.15: Avoid non-compliance with legal, regulatory, self-imposed or contractual information security and compliance requirements. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
COM-01 The legal, regulatory, self-imposed 
and contractual requirements relevant to 
the information security of the cloud service 
as well as the Cloud Service Provider's 
procedures for complying with these 
CA-02 - An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for 
Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment.  


--- Page 118 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 114 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
requirements are explicitly defined and 
documented. 
CA-25 - Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft 
groups, the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet 
regulatory, industry, or technology changes. 
COM-02 Policies and instructions for 
planning and conducting audits are 
documented, communicated and made 
available in accordance with SP-01 and 
address the following aspects: 
• Restriction to read-only access to system 
components in accordance with the agreed 
audit plan and as necessary to perform the 
activities; 
• Activities that may result in malfunctions 
to the cloud service or breaches of 
contractual requirements are performed 
during scheduled maintenance windows or 
outside peak periods; and 
• Logging and monitoring of activities. 
 
ELC-11 - Audit activities are planned and agreed upon in advance by stakeholders and any access 
required to perform the audits requires approval. Audit findings are addressed relative to their 
criticality. 
C5-CA-17 - M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and 
reviews results with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and 
by planning and tracking necessary corrective actions. 
 
COM-03 Subject matter experts check the 
compliance of the information security 
management system at regular intervals, at 
least annually, with the relevant and 
applicable legal, regulatory, self-imposed or 
contractual requirements (cf. COM-01) as 
well as compliance with the policies and 
instructions (cf. SP-01) within their scope of 
responsibility (cf. OIS-01) through internal 
audits . 
Identified vulnerabilities and deviations are 
subject to risk assessment in accordance 
CA-01 - An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the 
M365 environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system 
operation and service availability. 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-24 - Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, 
vulnerability scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 


--- Page 119 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 115 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
with the risk management procedure (cf. 
OIS-06) and follow-up measures are defined 
and tracked (cf. OPS-18). 
CA-25 - Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft 
groups, the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet 
regulatory, industry, or technology changes. 
ELC-11 - Audit activities are planned and agreed upon in advance by stakeholders and any access 
required to perform the audits requires approval. Audit findings are addressed relative to their 
criticality. 
COM-04 The top management of the Cloud 
Service Provider is regularly informed about 
the information security performance within 
the scope of the ISMS in order to ensure its 
continued suitability, adequacy and 
effectiveness. The information is included in 
the management review of the ISMS at is 
performed at least once a year. 
CA-01 - An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the 
Microsoft 365 environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system 
operation and service availability. 
CA-22 - Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear 
ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
C5-CA-17 - M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and 
reviews results with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of 
the ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and 
by planning and tracking necessary corrective actions. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
 


--- Page 120 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 116 
INQ: Dealing with investigation requests from government agencies 
Control Objective 5.16: Ensure appropriate handling of government investigation requests for legal review, information to cloud customers, and limitation 
of access to or disclosure of data. 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
INQ-01 Investigation requests from 
government agencies are subjected to a 
legal assessment by subject matter experts 
of the Cloud Service Provider. The 
assessment determines whether the 
government agency has an applicable and 
legally valid legal basis and what further 
steps need to be taken. 
C5-CA-22 - Procedures are established and documented to evaluate government investigative 
demands for customer data. Procedures address a review and assessment by the Microsoft legal 
department, which will evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where Microsoft is required to 
produce customer data, work with engineering to collect and produce the minimum data responsive 
to the request as required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually.  
INQ-02 The Cloud Service Provider informs 
the affected Cloud Customer(s) without 
undue delay, unless the applicable legal 
basis on which the government agency is 
based prohibits this or there are clear 
indications of illegal actions in connection 
with the use of the Cloud Service.  
 
C5-CA-22 - Procedures are established and documented to evaluate government investigative 
demands for customer data. Procedures address a review and assessment by the Microsoft legal 
department, which will evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where Microsoft is required to 
produce customer data, work with engineering to collect and produce the minimum data responsive 
to the request as required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually. 
INQ-03 Access to or disclosure of cloud 
customer data in connection with 
government investigation requests is subject 
to the provision that the Cloud Service 
Provider’s legal assessment has shown that 
an applicable and valid legal basis exists and 
that the investigation request must be 
granted on that basis. 
C5-CA-22 - Procedures are established and documented to evaluate government investigative 
demands for customer data. Procedures address a review and assessment by the Microsoft legal 
department, which will evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where Microsoft is required to 
produce customer data, work with engineering to collect and produce the minimum data responsive 
to the request as required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually.  
INQ-04 The Cloud Service Provider’s 
procedures establishing access to or 
disclosing data of cloud customers in the 
C5-CA-22 - Procedures are established and documented to evaluate government investigative 
demands for customer data. Procedures address a review and assessment by the Microsoft legal 
department, which will evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is 


--- Page 121 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 117 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
context of investigation requests from 
governmental agencies ensure that the 
agencies only gain access to or insight into 
the data that is the subject of the 
investigation request. 
If no clear limitation of the data is possible, 
the Cloud Service Provider anonymises or 
pseudonymises the data so that government 
agencies can only assign it to those cloud 
customers who are subject of the 
investigation request. 
required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, where Microsoft is required to 
produce customer data, work with engineering to collect and produce the minimum data responsive 
to the request as required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually.  
 
PSS: Product Safety and Security 
Control Objective 5.17: Provides up-to-date information on the secure configuration and known vulnerabilities of the cloud service for cloud customers, 
appropriate mechanisms for troubleshooting and logging, as well as authentication and authorisation of users of cloud customers. 
 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
PSS-01 The Cloud Service Provider provides 
cloud customers with guidelines and 
recommendations for the secure use of the 
cloud service provided. The information 
contained therein is intended to assist the 
cloud customer in the secure configuration, 
installation and use of the cloud service, to 
the extent applicable to the cloud service 
and the responsibility of the cloud user. 
The type and scope of the information 
provided will be based on the needs of 
subject matter experts of the cloud 
customers who set information security 
CA-09 - M365 system information regarding the design and operation of its services is available to 
users online through Microsoft web portals. Guidelines and recommendations for the secure use of 
the cloud services, as applicable, are communicated to customers. 


--- Page 122 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 118 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
requirements, implement them or verify 
the implementation (e.g. IT, Compliance, 
Internal Audit). The information in the 
guidelines and recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud service address the 
following aspects, where applicable to the 
cloud service: 
• Instructions for secure configuration; 
• Information sources on known 
vulnerabilities and update mechanisms; 
• Error handling and logging mechanisms; 
• Authentication mechanisms; 
• Roles and rights concept including 
combinations that result in an elevated 
risk; and 
• Services and functions for administration 
of the cloud service by privileged users.  
The information is maintained so that it is 
applicable to the cloud service provided in 
the version intended for productive use. 
 
PSS-02 The Cloud Service Provider applies 
appropriate measures to check the cloud 
service for vulnerabilities which might have 
been integrated into the cloud service 
during the software development process. 
The procedures for identifying such 
vulnerabilities are part of the software 
development process and, depending on a 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked 
and are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-26 - Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management 
review. Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is 


--- Page 123 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 119 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
risk assessment, include the following 
activities: 
• Static Application Security Testing; 
• Dynamic Application Security Testing; 
• Code reviews by the Cloud Service 
Provider'’s subject matter experts; and 
• Obtaining information about confirmed 
vulnerabilities in software libraries 
provided by third parties and used in their 
own cloud service. 
The severity of identified vulnerabilities is 
assessed according to defined criteria and 
measures are taken to immediately 
eliminate or mitigate them. 
verified and reported to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from 
compliant and non-compliant hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-45 - Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines 
infected systems. Antimalware signatures are updated as available. 
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
CA-47 - Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident 
Response Team and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program 
procedures. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-16 - Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 
environment. Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are 
remedied. 
PSS-03 The Cloud Service Provider 
operates or refers to a daily updated 
online register of known vulnerabilities 
that affect the Cloud Service Provider and 
assets provided by the Cloud Service 
Provider that the cloud customers have to 
install, provide or operate themselves 
under the customers responsibility. 
Note:  
This C5 criteria is not applicable as M365 is a SaaS offering only. 
 


--- Page 124 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 120 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
The presentation of the vulnerabilities 
follows the Common Vulnerability Scoring 
System (CVSS). 
The online register is easily accessible to 
any cloud customer. The information 
contained therein forms a suitable basis for 
risk assessment and possible follow-up 
measures on the part of cloud users.  
For each vulnerability, it is indicated 
whether software updates (e.g. patch, 
update) are available, when they will be 
rolled out and whether they will be 
deployed by the Cloud Service Provider, 
the cloud customer or both of them 
together. 
PSS-04 The cloud service provided is 
equipped with error handling and logging 
mechanisms. These enable cloud users to 
obtain security-related information about 
the security status of the cloud service as 
well as the data, services or functions it 
provides. 
The information is detailed enough to allow 
cloud users to check the following aspects, 
insofar as they are applicable to the cloud 
service: 
• Which data, services or functions 
available to the cloud user within the cloud 
service, have been accessed by whom and 
when (Audit Logs); 
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center.  
C5-CA-14 - Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 - M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to 
appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
C5-CA-20 - M365 log data allows an unambiguous identification of user accesses to support further 
analysis in the event of a security incident. 


--- Page 125 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 121 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• Malfunctions during processing of 
automatic or manual actions; and 
• Changes to security-relevant 
configuration parameters, error handling 
and logging mechanisms, user 
authentication, action authorisation, 
cryptography, and communication security. 
The logged information is protected from 
unauthorised access and modification and 
can be deleted by the Cloud Customer. 
If the cloud customer is responsible for the 
activation or type and scope of logging, the 
Cloud Service Provider must provide 
appropriate logging capabilities. 
PSS-05 The Cloud Service Provider provides 
authentication mechanisms that can force 
strong authentication (e.g. two or more 
factors) for users, IT components or 
applications within the cloud users’ area of 
responsibility. 
These authentication mechanisms are set 
up at all access points that allow users, IT 
components or applications to interact 
with the cloud service. 
For privileged users, IT components or 
applications, these authentication 
mechanisms are enforced. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-02 - User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
 
Note:  
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Microsoft as it is the cloud users’ responsibility. 
 


--- Page 126 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 122 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
PSS-06 To protect confidentiality, 
availability, integrity and authenticity 
during interactions with the cloud service, 
a suitable session management system is 
used that at least corresponds to the state-
of-the-art and is protected against known 
attacks. Mechanisms are implemented that 
invalidate a session after it has been 
detected as inactive. The inactivity can be 
detected by time measurement. In this 
case, the time interval can be configured by 
the Cloud Service Provider or – if 
technically possible – by the cloud 
customer. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-15 - User entities configure session expiration following a specific period of inactivity in 
accordance with security policies established by the user entity. 
 
Note:  
This C5 criteria is not applicable to Microsoft as it is the cloud users’ responsibility. 
 
PSS-07 If passwords are used as 
authentication information for the cloud 
service, their confidentiality is ensured by 
the following procedures: 
• Users can initially create the password 
themselves or must change an initial 
password when logging in to the cloud 
service for the first time. An initial 
password loses its validity after a maximum 
of 14 days. 
• When creating passwords, compliance 
with the length and complexity 
requirements of the Cloud Service Provider 
(cf. IDM-09) or the cloud customer is 
technically enforced. 
CA-54 - Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 - User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and 
monitor continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-02 - User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-03 - User entities are responsible for managing their user’s password authentication 
mechanism. 
CUEC-04 - User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 - User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
 


--- Page 127 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 123 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
• The user is informed about changing or 
resetting the password. 
• The server-side storage takes place using 
state-of-the-art cryptographically strong 
hash functions in combination with at least 
32-bit long salt values. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC - Microsoft Azure - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls over authentication 
and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
PSS-08 The Cloud Service Provider provides 
cloud users with a roles and rights concept 
for managing access rights. It describes 
rights profiles for the functions provided by 
the cloud service. 
The rights profiles are suitable for enabling 
cloud users to manage access 
authorisations and permissions in 
accordance with the principle of least-
privilege and how it is necessary for the 
performance of tasks ("“need-to-know 
principle”) and to implement the principle 
of functional separation between 
operational and controlling functions 
(“separation of duties”). 
CA-09 - M365 system information regarding the design and operation of its services is available to 
users online through Microsoft web portals. Guidelines and recommendations for the secure use of 
the cloud services, as applicable, are communicated to customers. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
C5-CA-05 - Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. 
Procedures are established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. 
Authorization is based on role.  
 
PSS-09 Access to the functions provided by 
the cloud service is restricted by access 
controls (authorisation mechanisms) that 
verify whether users, IT components, or 
applications are authorised to perform 
certain actions. 
The Cloud Service Provider validates the 
functionality of the authorisation 
mechanisms before new functions are 
CA-01 - An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the 
M365 environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system 
operation and service availability. 
CA-03 - Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its 
commitments and requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-15 - Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer 
through the Service Health Center. 


--- Page 128 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 124 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
made available to cloud users and in the 
event of changes to the authorisation 
mechanisms of existing functions (cf. DEV-
06). The severity of identified 
vulnerabilities is assessed according to 
defined criteria based on industry standard 
metrics (e.g. Common Vulnerability Scoring 
System) and measures for timely resolution 
or mitigation are initiated. Vulnerabilities 
that have not been fixed are listed in the 
online register of known vulnerabilities (cf. 
PSS-02). 
CA-18 - Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked 
and are approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-20 - Emergency changes to the production environment follow an emergency change approval 
process. 
CA-21 - Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and 
stakeholders review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-33.a - Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved 
prior to provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or 
information resources. 
CA-33.b - Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized 
user. 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration 
settings is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-36 - Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator 
access to the production environment. 
CA-43 - When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are 
revoked in a timely manner. 
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-05 - User entities manage anonymous access to SPO sessions. 
PSS-10 If the Cloud Service offers functions 
for software-defined networking (SDN), the 
confidentiality of the data of the cloud user 
is ensured by suitable SDN procedures. 
Note: 
This C5 criteria is not applicable as M365 is a SaaS offering only. 


--- Page 129 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 125 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
The Cloud Service Provider validates the 
functionality of the SDN functions before 
providing new SDN features to cloud users 
or modifying existing SDN features. 
Identified defects are assessed and 
corrected in a risk-oriented manner. 
PSS-11 If cloud customers operate virtual 
machines or containers with the cloud 
service, the Cloud Service Provider must 
ensure the following aspects: 
• The cloud customer can restrict the 
selection of images of virtual machines or 
containers according to his specifications, 
so that users of this cloud customer can 
only launch the images or containers 
released according to these restrictions. 
• If the Cloud Service Provider provides 
images of virtual machines or containers to 
the Cloud Customer, the Cloud Service 
Provider appropriately inform the Cloud 
Customer of the changes made to the 
previous version. 
• In addition, these images provided by the 
Cloud Service Provider are hardened 
according to generally accepted industry 
standards. 
Note: 
This C5 criteria is not applicable as M365 is a SaaS offering only. 
 
PSS-12 The cloud customer is able to 
specify the locations (location/country) of 
the data processing and storage including 
C5-CA-12 - M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed 
and stored via the M365 Administrator Tool. 
 


--- Page 130 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 126 
C5 Criteria 
M365 Activity 
data backups according to the contractually 
available options. 
This must be ensured by the cloud 
architecture. 


--- Page 131 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 127 
Part B: Microsoft 365 Control Activities Provided by Microsoft and Test Results 
Provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-01 – An M365 security 
team has been defined and is 
responsible for Security issues 
within the M365 
environment. Service teams 
have operations personnel 
who are responsible for 
system operation and service 
availability. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that a defined M365 Security 
team has been established and that 
the team’s responsibilities include 
management of security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity issues within the M365 
environment. 
• Obtained and inspected an 
organizational chart demonstrating 
the existence of a dedicated M365 
Security team.  
• Obtained and inspected job 
descriptions for members of the 
security team to ascertain that 
responsibilities for M365 Security 
personnel are defined and include the 
management of security, system 
operation, and service availability 
issues in the M365 environment, as 
well as the design, development, 
implementation, and maintenance of 
security, availability, processing 
integrity, and confidentiality during 
SDLC changes. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 132 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 128 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-02 – An M365 
Governance, Risk, and 
Compliance team has been 
defined and is responsible for 
Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity controls 
within the M365 
environment. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that a defined M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance 
team has been established and that 
the team is responsible for overseeing 
security, availability, confidentiality, 
and processing integrity controls 
within the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected an 
organizational chart demonstrating 
the existence of a dedicated M365 
Governance, Risk & Compliance team.  
• Obtained and inspected job 
descriptions of members of GRC to 
ascertain that responsibilities for 
M365 Governance, Risk & Compliance 
personnel are defined and include the 
management of M365 security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity controls. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-03 – Senior Management, 
as part of its major system 
release planning process, 
considers its commitments 
and requirements for 
Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that Senior Management 
considers its commitments and 
requirements related to security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity as part of its 
major system release planning 
process. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence of 
the annual review including 
memorandums and planning meeting 
records, to ascertain that 
commitments and requirements for 
security, availability, confidentiality, 
and processing integrity were 
considered and approved by Senior 
Management, and these 
commitments and requirements were 
communicated to relevant personnel 
as part of the major system release 
planning process. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 133 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 129 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-05 – Annually, the 
Governance, Risk, and 
Compliance team updates the 
data flow diagrams and 
service offerings of M365 
with the individuals that act 
as point of contact for each 
service offering. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that M365 data flow 
diagrams and service offering point of 
contacts are reviewed and updated on 
an annual basis. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence for a 
sample of data flow diagram updates 
to ascertain that the GRC team 
reviews the service offering data flow 
diagrams with the point of contacts 
and that they update the data flow 
diagrams accordingly. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-07 – Microsoft 
Compliance & Ethics team 
updates the Standards of 
Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is 
made available internally and 
externally. The SBC reflects 
Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical 
business practices and 
regulatory compliance. 
Compliance & Ethics team 
provides an annual Standards 
of Business Conduct training 
course that is mandatory for 
all employees. Employees 
who do not complete the 
training on time are tracked 
and followed up with 
appropriately. 
• Inquired of Human Resources (HR) 
process owners to ascertain that a 
defined Standards of Business Conduct 
policy was established and is 
communicated to M365 personnel 
through intranet sites and trainings. 
• Obtained and inspected the Standards 
of Business Conduct to ascertain that 
the standards include Microsoft’s 
continued commitment to security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity, and also, ethical 
business practices and regulatory 
compliance. 
• Obtained and inspected course 
completion status for a selection of 
employees to ascertain that the 
Standard of Business Conduct training 
course has been completed. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 134 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 130 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-08 – The M365 Service 
group works with Microsoft 
Human Resources and vendor 
companies to perform a 
background check on new or 
transferred personnel 
worldwide, where permitted 
by law before they are 
granted access to the M365 
production assets containing 
customer content. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners that 
new and transferred applicable 
employees and contractors are 
required to undergo a background 
check prior to being granted access to 
the environment. 
• Obtained and inspected automation 
that enforces background check 
requirement on eligibilities that grant 
access to production assets. 
• Obtained and inspected background 
check data for a selection of Microsoft 
personnel to ascertain that a 
background check was performed 
prior to granting access to the 
production assets containing customer 
content. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-09 – M365 system 
information regarding the 
design and operation of its 
services is available to users 
online through Microsoft web 
portals. Guidelines and 
recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud 
services, as applicable, are 
communicated to customers. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that M365 system design 
and operation information is 
accessible to employees. 
• Observed the Microsoft web portals to 
ascertain that design and operation 
information for the M365 system is 
available and accessible to users. 
• Observed the guidelines and 
recommendations for the secure use 
of the cloud services that is 
communicated to customers. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 135 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 131 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-12 – M365 communicates 
its commitments to 
customers in SLAs. These 
commitments are reflected in 
the control framework, which 
defines regulatory, security, 
availability, confidentiality, 
and processing integrity 
requirements. This 
information is distributed 
internally through policies, 
training, and Office Hours. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that M365 communicates its 
regulatory, security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity commitments to customers 
using SLAs, and that these 
commitments are also distributed 
internally. 
• Obtained and inspected policy and 
communication documentation to 
ascertain that SLAs defining 
regulatory, security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity commitments are distributed 
to M365 customers. 
• Obtained and inspected policy and 
communication documentation to 
ascertain that regulatory, security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity requirements are 
distributed internally through 
methods including trainings, policies, 
and Office Hours. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-13 – Incident response 
guides are used by M365 
personnel for the handling 
and reporting of security 
incidents. These guides are 
stored on internal SharePoint 
sites and are updated as 
needed. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that incident response 
guides, which provide guidance on 
management and reporting of security 
incidents, are accessible to M365 
personnel on internal SharePoint sites. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 
incident response guides to ascertain 
that they are available to personnel on 
the intranet and outline procedures to 
be followed for handling and reporting 
of security incidents. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 136 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 132 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-14 – Changes and updates 
to the M365 environment are 
communicated through the 
admin Message Center part 
of the M365 Admin Center. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that incidents and changes 
to the M365 environment are made 
available to customers using the 
Customer Portal. 
• Obtained and inspected 
communication for a sample customer 
to ascertain that emails containing 
M365 incident and change 
information are available on the 
Customer Portal. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-15 – Service impacting 
incidents, including security 
incidents, are communicated 
to the customer through the 
Service Health Center. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that information related to 
security, availability, confidentiality, 
and processing integrity issues can be 
reported and received using the 
Customer Portal. 
• Obtained and inspected 
communication documentation for a 
sample M365 customer to ascertain 
that security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity information is available on 
their Customer Portal. 
• Examined published documentation 
for M365 service health center to 
ascertain that security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity information is available to all 
customers.  
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 137 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 133 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-16 – Customers can report 
issues and potential incidents 
by creating a service request 
through the admin portal, 
which includes the option for 
telephone support. Service 
request status and activity 
can be viewed through the 
Admin Center. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that customers can report 
security, availability, confidentiality, 
and processing integrity incidents by 
calling the Customer Support Services 
(CSS) phone number, or by submitting 
the incident through the Microsoft 
website. 
• Obtained and inspected M365 
customer service websites and policies 
to ascertain the existence of a website 
and phone number through which 
M365 customers are able to report 
their security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity incidents. 
• Observed the Admin Center portal and 
ascertained that there was the ability 
to submit a support request ticket for 
customer incidents or questions.  
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to 
Microsoft Security Policy. This 
policy defines accountability 
and responsibility for 
implementing security and 
evaluating efficacy of security 
controls. It addresses asset 
classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access 
control, change control and 
acceptance, incident 
response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for 
additional information. The 
policy is available on the 
intranet. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that the Microsoft Security 
Policy, which defines accountability for 
implementing security and evaluating 
security controls, is available on the 
intranet and adhered to by M365 
personnel. 
• Obtained and inspected the Microsoft 
Security Policy to ascertain that it is 
available to personnel on the intranet 
and defines responsibilities for 
implementing and overseeing security 
and related security controls. 
• Obtained and inspected policy 
documentation to ascertain that the 
Microsoft Security Policy is approved 
and includes standards around 
backups and vulnerability 
management. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 138 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 134 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-18 – Changes and 
software releases within the 
M365 environment are 
documented / tracked and 
are approved prior to 
implementation into 
production. 
• Inquired of Change Management 
control owners that procedures have 
been established and are followed 
prior to deploying changes to the 
production environment. 
• Obtained and inspected change tickets 
and supporting documentation for a 
selection of changes to ascertain that 
deployed changes are documented 
and tracked within a tracking tool. 
• Obtained and inspected change tickets 
and supporting documentation for a 
selection of changes to ascertain that 
deployed changes were approved by 
appropriate stakeholders prior to 
release. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-19 – For teams utilizing 
the Developer / Operations 
model, monitoring processes 
or system configurations are 
in place to identify and 
remediate unapproved 
changes to production. 
• Inquired of Change Management and 
Logical Security control owners that 
for the teams using the Developer / 
Operations model, restrictions are in 
place to monitor or limit access to 
implement unapproved changes. 
• For the relevant services, observed 
that monitoring is in place for 
developers with access to the 
environment.  
• For the relevant services, obtained 
and inspected source code and change 
ticketing systems to ascertain that 
system configurations and procedures 
were in place to identify and 
remediate unapproved changes. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-20 – Emergency changes 
to the production 
environment follow an 
emergency change approval 
process. 
• Inquired of Change Management 
control owners that deployed 
emergency changes are approved by 
identified key stakeholders prior to 
release into production. 
• For the relevant services, obtained 
and inspected change tickets and 
supporting documentation for a 
selection of changes to ascertain that 
emergency changes were approved by 
identified key stakeholders. 
IDEAs Personalization Runtime Service 
(IPS-RT) and Query Annotation Services 
(QAS) 
No Occurrence 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 139 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 135 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out 
on all changes according to 
established procedures. Users 
and stakeholders review and 
approve results of testing 
prior to implementation. 
• Inquired of Change Management 
control owners that testing of changes 
is documented and required for 
deployment into production. 
• Obtained and inspected change tickets 
and supporting documentation for a 
selection of changes to ascertain that 
changes are tested prior to release 
according to established procedures. 
• Obtained and inspected change tickets 
and supporting documentation for a 
selection of changes to ascertain that 
testing was reviewed and approved 
prior to release according to 
established procedures. 
Bing Teams 
Exception Noted. For 1 of 25 samples, a 
change was deployed prior to testing 
being fully completed. 
 
All other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a 
deliberate approach to risk 
management and annually 
conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and 
prioritize the threats facing 
M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on 
impact, likelihood, and 
management’s controls. 
Additionally, clear ownership 
is established for each risk 
and its mitigation strategy. 
This is reviewed annually by 
M365 management with 
ownership assigned out to 
individual teams and their 
management. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that a risk assessment and 
management process has been 
established for M365 to identify risks 
related to security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity, and is performed and 
approved on an annual basis. 
• Obtained and inspected the Risk 
Management process and policy 
documents for evidence that a process 
has been established. 
• Obtained and inspected the Risk 
Assessment completed by the M365 
team for evidence that the assessment 
had been completed and risks have 
been identified. 
• Obtained and inspected the approvals 
by M365 management associated with 
the completion of the Risk Assessment 
performed. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 140 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 136 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation 
strategies and controls that 
are identified through the 
annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the 
assigned owner on a periodic 
basis. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that a process has been 
established to track and mitigate risks 
identified as part of Risk Management 
process. 
• Obtained and inspected that for a 
selection of the risks identified a risk 
mitigation strategy has been 
established and has been put in place. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of 
existing controls are assessed 
internally, through risk 
assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, 
as well as by third parties on 
an annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective 
actions, which are tracked 
and completed in a timely 
manner. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that the effectiveness of 
existing controls are assessed, both 
internally and externally, on an annual 
basis. Furthermore, ascertained per 
inquiry that any findings from these 
control assessments are addressed 
with corrective action plans and 
tracked through to timely resolution. 
• Obtained and inspected assessment 
and review reports to ascertain that 
external control effectiveness reviews 
are performed and selected a sample 
of findings from those reviews to test 
that corrective action plans were 
developed and tracked for the 
findings. 
• Obtained and inspected risk 
assessment and review reports to 
ascertain that vulnerability scans and 
internal risk assessments were 
performed and selected a sample of 
findings from those assessments to 
test that the issues were tracked 
through to resolution. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 141 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 137 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-25 – Based on meetings 
with CELA (Corporate, 
External, and Legal Affairs) 
and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, 
and Compliance team 
updates the control 
framework to meet 
regulatory, industry, or 
technology changes. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that the M365 control 
framework is updated as needed to 
accommodate regulatory, industry, or 
technology changes. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
invites and meeting notes 
demonstrating that the Governance, 
Risk & Compliance group met with 
Microsoft regulatory groups, including 
CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal 
Affairs), to discuss regulatory, 
industry, and technology changes. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
invites and meeting notes to ascertain 
that service teams reviewed the M365 
control framework with the point of 
contacts and updated the framework 
accordingly. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-26 – Processes and 
procedures have been 
established to report security 
incidents to the Security 
team. Security incidents are 
identified and tracked in an 
incident tracking system. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for identifying, reporting, 
and responding to security incidents 
have been established. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that identified 
security incidents were documented 
within an incident tracking system and 
resolved. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for addressing security 
incidents have been established and 
include processes for escalation and 
review. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence for a 
selection of incidents to ascertain that 
security incidents were escalated and 
reviewed by the appropriate team and 
required action was taken. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 142 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 138 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-27 – There is a continual 
process for host vulnerability 
scanning, reporting and 
management review. 
Individual or centralized 
services apply patches and 
remediate vulnerabilities, 
which is verified and reported 
to management through a 
centralized process. 
Responses are tracked from 
compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely 
resolution of incidents of non-
compliance. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for security vulnerability 
scanning have been established and 
outline requirements for addressing 
identified issues. 
• Obtained and inspected security 
scanning reports for a selection of 
servers for evidence that patches and 
vulnerability scans were being 
performed and completed 
successfully. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample of 
management reviews to ascertain that 
scan results were being reviewed and 
issues noted were being tracked to 
resolution. 
Exception Noted. For 4 out of 25 
samples of open port/network security 
group alerts, the alerts were not 
resolved timely. Further, for the 
Microsoft Purview service, Internal Audit 
(IA) identified 39 overdue alerts. 
CA-29 – Each Service team 
has on-call personnel who 
respond to potential Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, 
and Processing Integrity 
incidents. If an incident is 
assigned a high severity, the 
M365 Security team will track 
and address the issues to 
resolution. 
• Inquired of Operations process owners 
to ascertain that each service has on-
call personnel established to identify 
and assist in security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity incidents. 
• Observed and inspected the on-call 
listing for each service for evidence 
that primary and backup on-call 
personnel have been established and 
the primary and backup on-call 
personnel cover a 24 hours / 7 days 
schedule. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for identifying, reporting, 
and responding to security incidents 
have been established. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that identified 
high severity security incidents were 
documented within an incident 
tracking system and resolved. 
Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps and 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365 
Exception Noted. For the Advanced 
Hunting service, a backup on-call 
individual was not assigned within the 
on-call schedule. 
 
All Other Services  
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 143 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 139 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-30 – Processing capacity 
and availability are monitored 
by Service teams through the 
dashboard. Service capacity 
and availability incidents are 
alerted and resolved by the 
on-call personnel as needed. 
• Inquired of Operations process owners 
to ascertain that each service has 
established a dashboard for 
monitoring capacity and availability. 
• Observed and inspected the capacity 
and availability dashboards for each 
service for evidence that capacity and 
availability metrics are being tracked 
and displayed to identify service-
related issues. 
• Obtained and inspected an example 
automated availability alert to 
ascertain that alerting is in place and 
incidents are resolved as needed. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that capacity 
and availability incidents were 
escalated and reviewed by the 
appropriate team and required action 
was taken. 
No Exceptions Noted  
CA-31 – M365 management 
reviews capacity and 
availability on a monthly 
basis. Any issues with or 
changes to capacity and 
availability are tracked to 
resolution. 
• Inquired of Operations and 
Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) 
process owners to ascertain that 
capacity and availability are reviewed 
on a monthly basis by M365 
management. 
• Obtained and inspected that for a 
selection of Monthly Service Review 
meetings, M365 management reviews 
capacity and availability issues on a 
monthly basis. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 144 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 140 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-33.a – Requests for new 
access, or modifications to 
existing access, are submitted 
and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, 
contractor, and service 
provider access to specific 
applications or information 
resources. 
• Inquired of Logical Access control 
owners and ascertained that an 
automated process has been 
established for requesting and 
approving access prior to access being 
granted to user eligibilities. 
• Obtained and inspected source code 
of the system configurations within 
the identity access management tool 
to corroborate that access requests or 
modifications for users require 
approval. Additionally, for a sample 
eligibility, observed that approval was 
obtained prior to access being 
granted.  
• Obtained and inspected access 
eligibility documentation for all in-
scope applications to ascertain that a 
request for access is required to be 
submitted and authorized prior to 
granting any users access. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 145 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 141 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-33.b – Elevated access 
within the M365 production 
environment is approved by 
an authorized user. 
• Inquired of Logical Access control 
owners that processes have been 
established for requesting and 
approving access prior to access being 
granted. 
• Observed and inspected the system 
configurations for elevated access 
within the M365 production 
environment to ascertain that 
elevated access is restricted to only 
approved individuals and is limited 
based on the established time 
constraints (for Just in Time Systems). 
• For Just in Time Systems - Observed 
for a sample of one user per just in 
time system that the individual was 
approved prior to access being 
elevated, and that the access duration 
was limited to the requested time. 
• For the IDM System - Obtained and 
inspected logs of access changes for 
administrator users during our the 
examination period. Observed no new 
administrators were granted access 
during the examination period. 
Identity Manager (IDM) 
No Occurrence 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-34 – Identity of users is 
authenticated to M365 
Services. The use of 
passwords incorporates policy 
on periodic change and 
password complexity. 
• Inquired of Logical Access control 
owners that authentication processes 
and password policies are enforced. 
• Observed system configuration 
settings for a selected server for each 
service to ascertain that 
authentication policies regarding 
change intervals and complexity are 
being enforced. 
Exchange (EXO) and Microsoft Teams 
Exception Noted. For 1 sampled server 
selected for testing, local password 
parameters were not configured 
according to a centralized policy. 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 146 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 142 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged 
accounts is configured to be 
revoked automatically based 
on access expiration settings, 
including inactivity and 
Manager / Cost Center 
changes. 
• Inquired of Logical Access control 
owners that processes have been 
established for identity access 
management system configuration to 
revoke access automatically based on 
account expiration settings, including 
inactivity, and Manager / Cost Center 
changes. 
• Obtained and inspected source code 
of the system configurations within 
the identity access management tools 
to corroborate that account expiration 
settings, including inactivity, and 
Manager / Cost Center changes are 
configured to remove access. 
Additionally, obtained and inspected 
the sync jobs for the settings to 
validate user data is periodically 
refreshed with HR systems. 
• Obtained and inspected system logs 
and tracking details for selected 
individuals that expiration settings 
were enforced, and access was 
removed based on the configurations 
within the identity access 
management system. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 147 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 143 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-35.b – Elevated access 
within the M365 environment 
that is not subject to 
automatic expiration settings 
is manually reviewed on a 
periodic basis. 
• Inquired of Logical Access control 
owners that processes have been 
established for reviewing elevated 
access that is not automatically 
expired. 
• Obtained and inspected user access 
review documentation for selected 
quarters to ascertain that access was 
reviewed, and any identified issues 
were addressed in a timely manner. 
Identity Manager (IDM) 
Exception Noted. In 1 of the quarterly 
user access reviews selected for testing, 
the review of administrators was not 
done timely. 
 
Outlook Web App (OWA) 
Exception Noted. In the quarterly user 
access reviews selected for testing, 1 
security group was not included. 
 
Exchange Online Protection (EOP), 
Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps, 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365, 
Microsoft Priva, and Microsoft Purview 
Exception Noted. 2 users were removed 
untimely from the groups of Microsoft 
Priva and Attack Simulation. Further, an 
incomplete population of users was 
reviewed in Q2 and Q3. 
 
Exchange Online (EXO), Productivity 
Applications and Services, Microsoft 
Forms, Microsoft Planner, Microsoft 
Sway, Office for the web, Substrate 
Intelligence Platform (SIP), Bing Teams, 
Educational Services (EDU), Loki, Viva 
Glint, Viva Goals, Viva Insights, Viva 
Learning, and Viva Pulse 
Exception Noted. An incomplete 
population of users was reviewed in Q2 
and Q3. 
 
Microsoft Teams 
Exception Noted. Internal Audit (IA) 
noted that for Microsoft Teams, 2 
security groups were not reviewed 
during Q1. Further, an incomplete 
population of users was reviewed in Q2 
and Q3. 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 148 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 144 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-36 – Authentication over 
an encrypted Remote 
Desktop Connection is used 
for administrator access to 
the production environment. 
• Inquired of Logical Access owners to 
gain an understanding of how 
authentication is enforced, and 
processes established with relation to 
encrypting communication with the 
production environment. 
• Observed authentication to a selected 
production server to corroborate that 
two-factor authentication was 
required. 
• Obtained and inspected source code 
configurations and system settings 
corroborating the encryption settings 
enforced for accessing the production 
environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-37 – Each M365 Service 
Customer's content is 
segregated from other Online 
Services customers' content 
to isolate customer tenant 
data flows. 
• Inquired of Security process owners to 
gain an understanding of the 
processes that enforce logical 
segregation of customer content. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample of 
server configurations and, where 
applicable, tested user interfaces to 
ascertain that customer content is 
segregated. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-38 – Physical production 
servers go through a quality 
assurance review prior to 
installation in the production 
environment to confirm the 
server is configured in 
compliance with baseline 
security and operational 
settings according to the 
server’s intended use. 
• Inquired of Server Build-out 
management process owners that 
processes have been established to 
have baseline security and operational 
settings applied to all new servers 
deployed to the production 
environment. 
• Obtained and inspected system logs, 
source code configurations, and 
system change documentation for a 
selection of new servers to ascertain 
that baseline builds have been 
established, approved, and deployed 
prior to a new server being 
implemented in production. 
Educational Services (EDU) and 
Microsoft 365 Remote Access 
No Occurrence 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 149 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 145 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-43 – When users no 
longer require access or upon 
termination the user access 
privileges are revoked in a 
timely manner. 
• Inquired of Logical Access control 
owners to gain an understanding of 
the process for disabling or removing 
access in a timely manner. 
• Compared a listing of all terminated/ 
transferred users within the 
examination period with active user 
accounts in M365 environments to 
ascertain if access for terminated/ 
transferred employees was revoked.  
• Obtained and inspected HR 
termination reports for a selection of 
M365 terminated users to ascertain 
that removals of terminated users 
were executed in a timely manner by 
comparing the users’ termination 
dates against the date of access 
revocation. 
Exception Noted. 5 of 25 samples were 
not removed timely. 
CA-44 – Data in motion is 
encrypted when transmitting 
data between the customer 
and the data center and 
between data centers. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that for 
services that transmit customer 
content, these transmissions are 
performed using encryption. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
encryption settings and certificates 
that are established over the customer 
content transmission paths for the 
applicable services. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
encryption settings and certificates 
that are established over the 
datacenter transmission paths for the 
applicable services. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects 
and prevents introduction of 
known vulnerabilities and 
quarantines infected systems. 
Antimalware signatures are 
updated as available. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that 
antimalware has been installed, is 
running, and is up to date within the 
M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected that for a 
selection of one server per service 
team, antimalware programs have 
been installed, are running, and are up 
to date. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 150 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 146 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-46 – Production releases 
undergo a security review 
prior to their release into the 
production environment per 
defined criteria, including a 
code review. 
• Inquired of SDL security process 
owners to ascertain that changes 
undergo a security review prior to 
release. 
• Obtained and inspected change tickets 
and supporting documentation for a 
selection of changes to ascertain that 
a security review was performed prior 
to release for each build. 
Productivity Applications and Services, 
Viva Glint, Viva Goals, Viva Learning, and 
Viva Pulse  
Exception Noted. For the Viva Goals 
service, Management identified and 
disclosed a total 12 instances of pull 
requests where developers self-
approved their pull requests before 
checking them into the production 
build, leveraging multiple user accounts 
that they owned. 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-47 – Security events 
escalated to the Security 
team are reviewed by the 
Security Incident Response 
Team and action is taken in 
accordance with the 
established incident response 
program procedures. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for identifying, reporting, 
and responding to security incidents 
have been established. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that identified 
security incidents were documented 
within an incident tracking system and 
resolved. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for addressing security 
incidents have been established and 
include processes for escalation and 
review. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that security 
incidents were escalated and reviewed 
by the appropriate team and required 
action was taken. 
No Exceptions Noted  
 


--- Page 151 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 147 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-49 – Procedures have 
been established for local 
redundant storage and/or 
other redundancy measures 
supporting the availability of 
applications and customer 
content. 
• Inquired of Data Redundancy and 
Restoration process owners that 
processes have been established for 
data redundancy and restorations. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence for a 
selection of replications to ascertain 
that data redundancy and replication 
were occurring according to defined 
procedures and alternative 
data/application instances were 
available for restoration or failover. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-50 – Service teams 
participate in Business 
Continuity programs, which 
specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing 
requirements (up to full data 
center failover), and 
remediation timelines. 
• Inquired of Business Continuity 
process owners to ascertain that 
failover tests occur on a regular basis. 
• Obtained and inspected business 
continuity documentation and failover 
logs for a selection of failover tests to 
ascertain that the tests were 
completed as designed, and that any 
issues identified were assigned to an 
appropriate owner and being tracked 
to resolution. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-51 – Customer content 
and services are replicated to 
a geographically separate 
location. 
• Inquired of Data Redundancy and 
Restoration process owners to gain an 
understanding of the process for 
locating customer content or services 
on replicated instances in 
geographically separate locations. 
• Obtained and inspected system 
configurations and depending on the 
setup of the service, a selection of 
data sources, to ascertain that 
replicated instances reside in 
geographically separate locations. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 152 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 148 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its 
dependencies on Microsoft 
Azure through obtaining and 
evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that M365 monitors its 
dependencies on Microsoft Azure, and 
their compliance with SLAs / contract 
obligations. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
minutes and supporting 
documentation to ascertain that audit 
reports for Microsoft Azure were 
obtained and inspected for issues. Any 
issues identified were followed-up on 
with the required party. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
minutes and supporting 
documentation to ascertain that M365 
monitors the dependencies on 
Microsoft Azure through the 
scheduled Office Hours meetings. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-54 – Data at rest is 
encrypted per policy. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that for 
services that retain customer content, 
data at rest has been encrypted. 
• Obtained and inspected that 
encryption settings are established 
over customer content at rest for 
applicable services. 
• Observed for a selected server for 
each service that the data stored on 
the server has been encrypted per 
policy. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 153 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 149 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-55 – Customer content is 
retained after termination of 
M365 subscriptions per 
agreed upon commitments 
with the customer in the 
contract and Service Licensing 
Agreements. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that for 
services that retain customer content, 
data is removed per customer 
agreements when the customer’s 
account is deactivated. 
• Obtained and inspected the system 
configurations for the applicable 
services that synchronizes customer 
account status (e.g., Active, 
Suspended) between Microsoft Azure 
and the service. 
• Obtained and inspected system 
configurations and customer account 
status logs to ascertain that each 
applicable service is configured to 
systematically remove customer’s data 
based on their account status and is in 
line with the agreed upon customer’s 
contract and Service Licensing 
Agreements. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-56 – Customer tenant 
administrators are 
automatically notified when a 
Customer Lockbox elevation 
request is initiated to access 
their content. The tenant 
administrator must authorize 
the access elevation request 
prior to access being granted 
to the content. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that 
Customer tenant administrators are 
notified when a Customer Lockbox 
elevation request is initiated to access 
their content.  
• 
Obtained and inspected system 
configurations within the identity 
access management tool to 
corroborate that elevation requests 
generate a notification and require 
approval prior to access being granted. 
• Observed for a selected Customer 
Lockbox subscriber, that a Lockbox 
request was submitted and approved 
by tenant management. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 154 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 150 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-57 – Customer Lockbox 
elevation requests require 
management approval prior 
to submission to the tenant 
administrator. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that 
Customer Lockbox elevation requests 
require management approval prior to 
submission to the tenant 
administrator. 
• Obtained and inspected an access 
elevation log request and noted 
approvers were assigned to the 
request. Additionally, obtained and 
inspected system configurations 
within the identity access 
management tool to corroborate 
elevation requests require 
management approval prior to 
submission to the tenant 
administrator. 
• For a selected request, obtained and 
inspected access elevation logs to 
ascertain that an approval took place 
before access was granted. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-58 – Customer Lockbox 
elevation requests to 
customer content require an 
associated service request. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that 
Customer Lockbox elevation requests 
to customer content require an 
associated service request. 
• Observed that for an elevation request 
when a service request number was 
excluded, the elevation request failed 
to be processed. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-59 – Customer Lockbox 
elevation requests are 
displayed in the tenant M365 
Admin Center. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain Customer 
Lockbox elevation requests are 
displayed in the tenant M365 Admin 
Center. 
• Observed the population of Lockbox 
requests within the M365 Dashboard 
– Admin Center. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 155 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 151 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-60 – When using 
Customer Lockbox, the 
service where the content is 
accessed logs the access 
made by the Microsoft 
Operator, and the entry can 
be found in the Audit log 
search. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that all 
servers that host customer content 
push audit logs to a repository on a 
real-time basis.  
• Observed for a sample elevation log 
that elevation activity was logged 
accordingly. 
• Observed for a sample elevation that it 
was identifiable through the M365 
Dashboard search functionality. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-61 – Microsoft 
management reviews both 
Customer Lockbox and 
capacity server elevation logs 
and investigates any 
anomalies. All elevations 
statistics are aggregated, 
reviewed, and reported to 
management annually. 
• Inquired of Operations and Security 
process owners to ascertain that 
management reviews both Customer 
Lockbox and capacity server elevation. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample of 
the annual presentation which 
included elevation statistics and 
resolutions. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-62 – Customer mailboxes 
are encrypted per customer’s 
defined encryption policies 
using keys generated and 
maintained by the customer. 
• Inquired with the Customer Key 
owners to ascertain that each 
customer is responsible for initiating 
their service encryption configuration 
during the Customer Key onboarding 
process. 
• Inquired with Customer Key owners to 
ascertain that each customer 
‘Customer Key’ subscription has a 
unique service encryption identifier 
and a unique Azure Key Vault to house 
their root encryption keys. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample 
customer ‘Customer Key’ subscription 
and ascertained that each of the 
customer’s service encryptions was 
associated with unique Azure Key 
Vaults for the respective encryption 
root keys.  
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 156 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 152 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-63 – When a customer 
requests a key deletion using 
the Exchange Customer Key 
service, the data is no longer 
accessible by Microsoft or the 
end user. 
• Inquired with the Customer Key 
owners to ascertain that once a 
customer opts out of the service and 
deletes their own root keys, all users 
associated with that tenant will no 
longer be able to log in to see the 
data. 
• Observed a test occurrence of a 
customer’s Customer Key subscription 
termination process within the 
production environment to ascertain 
the customer data was no longer 
accessible after the tenant’s 
termination of the Customer Key 
subscription. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-64 – Only keys noted in 
the tenant’s Data Encryption 
Policy can be used to access 
the data maintained in that 
tenant’s service encryption. 
• Inquired with the Customer Key 
owners to ascertain that data 
associated with a Customer Key Data 
Encryption Policy can only be accessed 
using the Data Encryption Policy 's 
Customer Keys.  
• Observed a test occurrence of a failed 
customer attempt to access an Azure 
Key Vault that was not associated with 
their ‘Customer Key’ service Data 
Encryption Policy. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-66 – Production data is 
classified and protected 
based upon the M365 data 
classification process. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain that M365 has an 
established data classification process. 
• Obtained and inspected the data 
classification standard to ascertain 
that there is a defined M365 data 
classification process and associated 
documentation that service teams can 
use to track and understand the data 
that they manage, and the associated 
security, availability, confidentiality, 
and processing integrity requirements 
associated with that data. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 157 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 153 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk 
Management Office (ERMO) 
has established an entity wide 
risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks 
across Microsoft. Risk 
assessment results are 
reviewed bi-annually and risks 
that exceed acceptable 
thresholds are reported to 
the Board of Directors on 
behalf of senior management. 
• Inquired of the Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) team on the ERM 
risk assessment process and how risks 
are identified and managed. 
• Obtained and inspected the agenda or 
meeting minutes to ascertain that the 
ERM risk assessment results are 
reviewed bi-annually and presented to 
the Board of Directors for review and 
consideration of the changes. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires 
employees and contractors to 
sign agreements that include 
non-disclosure provisions and 
asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In 
addition, employees are 
provided Microsoft’s 
Employee Handbook, which 
describes the responsibilities 
and expected behavior with 
regard to information and 
information system usage, 
including the consequences 
of violating relevant laws, 
regulations, provisions, and 
policies regarding information 
security. Employees are 
required to acknowledge 
agreements to return 
Microsoft assets upon 
termination. 
• Inquired of the Human Resources (HR) 
team that Non-Disclosure Agreements 
(NDAs), that include asset protection 
and return responsibilities, were 
signed as a part of the onboarding 
process. 
• Inspected a sample NDA to ascertain 
that the agreement included 
requirements for asset protection, and 
asset return upon termination of 
employment. 
• Obtained and inspected the Reporting 
Concerns About Misconduct policy, to 
ascertain if policies around notification 
of incidents were documented. 
• For a sample of new hires / transfers, 
obtained evidence to ascertain that an 
NDA was signed at the time of 
onboarding. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 158 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 154 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-09 – Microsoft’s 
Enterprise Business 
Continuity program is 
intended to ensure that 
Microsoft is ready to mitigate 
risks and vulnerabilities and 
respond to a major disruptive 
event in a manner that 
enables the business to 
continue to operate in a safe, 
predictable, and reliable way. 
The EBCM charter provides a 
strategic direction and 
leadership to all Microsoft 
Engineering organizations. 
EBCM is governed through 
the Program Management 
Office to ensure that the 
program adheres to a 
coherent long-term vision and 
mission, and is consistent 
with enterprise program 
standards, methods, policies, 
and metrics.  
• Inquired of Business Continuity 
process owners to ascertain that 
M365 teams participate in the 
Enterprise Business Continuity 
program and abide by the EBCM 
charter. 
• Obtained and inspected that for a 
selection of failover tests, that the test 
was completed as designed, and that 
any issues identified were assigned to 
an appropriate owner and being 
tracked to resolution. 
• Obtained and inspected program 
standards and noted it covered 
backups and disaster recovery 
strategies. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-11 – Audit activities are 
planned and agreed upon in 
advance by stakeholders and 
any access required to 
perform the audits requires 
approval. Audit findings are 
addressed relative to their 
criticality.  
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners 
regarding their process for planning 
and executing audit activities. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence from 
the most recent ISO audit of the M365 
system to ascertain that an audit plan 
was defined, corroborate that any 
access required to perform the audit 
was approved, and that audit findings 
were addressed. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 159 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 155 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-12 – Management 
expects outsourced providers 
to meet certain levels of skills 
and experience, depending 
on the role and holds them 
accountable to achieving 
specific deliverables, as 
outlined in a Statement of 
Work. Outsourced providers 
are trained to understand and 
comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
• Inquired of Microsoft management 
regarding the process for: 
- Citing expectations from outsourced 
providers to achieve specific 
deliverables. 
- Training outsourced providers on 
Microsoft’s supplier code of conduct. 
• Obtained and inspected Microsoft’s 
Statement of Work template to 
ascertain that it cited outsourced 
providers’ role and accountability in 
achieving specific deliverables. 
• Inspected the supplier procurement 
website to ascertain that Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct is available 
and accessible to all outsourced 
providers. 
• Obtained and inspected the Standards 
of Business Conduct training transcript 
to confirm that for all internal 
employees, obligations are 
communicated as part of the 
Standards of Business Conduct 
training. 
• Observed during the supplier access 
provisioning process that completion 
of the supplier code of conduct 
training is required. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-15 – Security risks related 
to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and 
vendors) are identified and 
addressed within the M365 
environment based on 
Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities 
are defined to coordinate 
with relevant corporate 
groups (e.g., Corporate, 
External, and Legal Affairs, 
Procurement) in reviewing 
risks associated with external 
parties and establishing 
relevant agreements. 
• Inquired of process owners regarding 
their risk assessment process and how 
risks are identified and addressed 
related to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and vendors). 
• Obtained and inspected the latest risk 
assessment performed by Microsoft 
management to ascertain that it was 
complete.  
• Obtained and inspected the Statement 
of Work (SOW) template citing 
external parties’ access was restricted 
authoritatively based on the risk 
assessment performed. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 160 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 156 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has 
policies documented to cover 
the development of 
information systems within 
the M365 environment. 
Policies are communicated to 
M365 service teams and 
cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development 
Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
understand the policies covering the 
development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 
Information Security Policy and noted 
that it covered the following topics: 
Security Standards, Security 
Development Lifecycle, Version 
Control, Backups, Vulnerabilities, and 
Programming Policies. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-02 – In case of errors 
or security concerns, changes 
are rolled back to their 
previous state or rolled 
forward to a corrected state. 
• Inquired of workstream control 
owners regarding their process for 
correcting errors or security concerns 
published into the production 
environment. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence from 
change management systems to 
determine if in-scope systems had the 
ability to apply rollbacks. 
• For selected services, validated that 
rollbacks were configured to be 
allowed within the environment, in 
case of errors or security concerns. 
No Exceptions Noted 
 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has 
policies documented to cover 
the management and 
provisioning of system and 
data access for the M365 
environment. Policies are 
communicated to M365 
service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role/Eligibility approval 
process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control 
documentation 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
understand the policies covering the 
development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 
Security Policy and M365 SOP 
(Standard Operating Procedure) 
documentation and noted that it 
covered the following topics: 
Provisioning of access, Separation of 
duties, Role/Eligibility approval 
process, Access termination, and 
Required access control 
documentation. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 161 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 157 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic 
certificates, keys, and 
customer access keys used 
for communication between 
Azure and M365 services and 
other internal components 
are stored securely. 
• Inquired with service teams to 
determine how cryptographic 
certificates, encryption keys, and 
customer access keys are stored and 
rotated within the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence 
showing where cryptographic 
certificates, encryption keys, and 
customer access keys are stored. 
Exception Noted. As part of the 
investigation conducted into the actions 
of Midnight Blizzard, Microsoft 
identified passwords and secrets 
impacting certain in-scope M365 
services that were accessed by the 
threat actors through code repositories 
or Microsoft corporate email. Further, 
Internal Audit (IA) identified 17 users 
and 1 security group had persistent 
access to Azure Key Vaults. 
 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories 
are used for managing source 
code changes to the M365 
platform. Procedures are 
established for authorized 
M365 personnel to submit 
source code changes. 
Authorization is based on 
role. 
• Inquired with service teams to 
ascertain how code repositories are 
used to manage source code changes 
to the M365 environment, and how 
access is restricted to the repositories.  
• Obtained and inspected evidence from 
service team code repositories to 
ascertain that the repository was in 
use, and access was appropriately 
restricted based upon role. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic 
within the M365 environment 
is segregated to separate 
customer traffic from 
management traffic. 
• Inquired of Network Engineering 
process owners to ascertain their 
process for segregating customer and 
management traffic. 
• Obtained and inspected firewall 
and/or network configuration files to 
determine that customer traffic is 
segregated from management traffic. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic 
controls are used for 
information protection within 
the M365 service based on 
the M365 Cryptographic 
Policy and Key Management 
procedures. 
• Inquired of Security Engineering 
process owners to ascertain their 
policies for cryptographic controls 
within the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 SOP 
for Cryptography. Ascertained that it 
provided detailed explanations and 
guidance for the management of 
cryptographic keys and how customer 
data is encrypted and logically 
segregated within the M365 
environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 162 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 158 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has 
policies and instructions 
documented to cover 
protection for data in motion, 
based on risk. Policies are 
communicated to M365 
service teams. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain their policies for 
cryptographic controls within the 
M365 environment.  
• Obtained the M365 Information 
Security Policy, the Encryption in 
M365 Whitepaper, and the M365 SOP 
for Cryptography. Per inspection of 
the documents, noted that they 
provided detailed information, 
instructions, and guidance for how to 
protect the transmission of data 
against unauthorized interception, 
manipulation, copying, modification, 
redirection or destruction within the 
M365 environment.  
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-09 – Microsoft has 
policies and instructions 
documented to cover 
encryption procedures and 
key management within the 
M365 environment. Policies 
are communicated to M365 
service teams. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain their policies for encryption 
procedures and key management 
within the M365 environment.  
• Obtained the M365 Information 
Security Policy and the M365 SOP for 
Cryptography and noted that they 
provided documented instructions for 
encryption procedures and key 
management within the M365 
environment.  
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has 
established policies for 
mobile computing devices to 
meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being 
connected to the production 
environment. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
ascertain their policies for mobile 
computing procedures within the 
M365 environment. 
• Obtained the Microsoft Security 
Program Policy, M365 Information 
Security Policy, and the M365 SOP for 
Access Control and Identity 
Management and noted that they 
contain policies and procedures for 
mobile computing devices to meet the 
appropriate security practice prior to 
being connected to the production 
environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 163 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 159 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-11 – Customer data is 
accessible within agreed upon 
services in data formats 
compatible with providing 
those services. 
• Inquired of service team owners to 
ascertain the accessibility of customer 
data through agreed upon formats. 
• Observed and inspected that data 
exported successfully in a compatible 
format for a sample service. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers 
are able to determine the 
locations where their data is 
being processed and stored 
via the M365 Administrator 
Tool. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
understand how customers are able to 
determine where their data is stored. 
• Observed and inspected the Azure 
Datacenter map, while logged into an 
M365 subscription. Ascertained that 
the data centers for the subscription 
were visible. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-13 – (1) Microsoft has 
policies and instructions 
documented to communicate 
the secure collection and 
storage of metadata within 
the M365 environment. 
Policies are communicated to 
M365 service teams.  
(2) Metadata is collected and 
used in accordance with 
contractual commitments. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
understand the policies governing the 
use and handling of metadata. 
• Observed and inspected the Data 
Handling standards governing M365, 
noting that metadata can only be used 
for the defined, approved purposes. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator 
activity in the M365 
environment is logged. 
• Inquired with Microsoft management 
to determine the process for logging 
administrator activities. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence 
showing that administrator activity 
was logged within the M365 
environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 164 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 160 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-15 – The access and 
management of the logging 
and monitoring functionalities 
is limited to select personnel. 
Changes to the logging and 
monitoring are approved by 
the engineering teams. 
• Inquired with Microsoft management 
to determine the process for 
restricting access of the logging and 
monitoring functionalities to select 
personnel. 
• Obtained and inspected user access to 
logging and monitoring functionalities. 
Ascertained that the users with access 
to the logging and monitoring 
functionalities were all appropriate, 
and access was appropriately 
restricted. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft 
participates in penetration 
testing of key components of 
the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration 
tests are documented and 
any critical findings are 
remedied. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
understand the process for 
penetration testing over the key 
components of the M365 
environment. 
• Observed and inspected a penetration 
testing report from a third party. Per 
inspection of the penetration testing 
report, we noted the results listed 
within, and that there were no critical 
findings. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs 
an annual Information 
Security Management System 
(ISMS) review and reviews 
results with management. 
This involves monitoring 
ongoing effectiveness and 
improvement of the ISMS 
control environment by 
reviewing security issues, 
audit results, and monitoring 
status, and by planning and 
tracking necessary corrective 
actions. 
• Inquired of Governance, Risk & 
Compliance (GRC) process owners to 
understand the process for annual 
Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) reviews. 
• Observed and inspected assessment 
reports and evidence of annual 
reviews and managements responses 
to any findings.   
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 165 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 161 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-18 –M365 has a 
defined exception program 
where exceptions are 
reviewed and tracked. The 
results of the review process 
are documented, and if 
approved the exception is 
limited in time and reviewed 
at least annually by relevant 
risk owners. 
• Inquired of Microsoft management 
regarding the process implemented to 
track and review exceptions. 
• Observed and inspected the 
exceptions dashboards, and 
ascertained that appropriate, detailed 
information regarding exceptions is 
tracked and reviewed. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security 
information and event 
management (SIEM) software 
that monitors logging data for 
potential security events. 
Potential events are identified 
and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further 
evaluation as needed. 
• Inquired of Microsoft management 
regarding the security information and 
event management software in place 
to identify and address security 
events. 
• Observed and inspected the security 
monitoring workflows, as well as the 
key alert information put in place on 
resources and noted that potential 
events are identified and, as needed, 
reported to appropriate personnel for 
further evaluation. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data 
allows an unambiguous 
identification of user accesses 
to support further analysis in 
the event of a security 
incident. 
• Inquired of Microsoft management 
regarding the security information and 
event management software in place 
to identify and address security 
events. 
• Observed and inspected the tools and 
mechanism used to log and identify 
events and noted that clear 
identification of user access was 
documented. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 166 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 162 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-21 – Prior to 
contracting with Microsoft, 
suppliers undergo a risk 
assessment based on the 
services that will be provided 
and data handled. List of 
reviewed suppliers is 
maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least 
annually. 
• Inquired of Microsoft management to 
gain an understanding of risk 
assessment performed prior to 
contracting with suppliers and the 
process for maintaining the directory 
of suppliers including their risk profile. 
• Obtained and inspected the directory 
of suppliers to ascertain that it 
contained basic supplier information 
including their risk profile. 
Additionally, obtained and inspected 
documented procedures related to 
performing risk assessments of 
suppliers to ascertain that the 
assessment was based on the services 
provided and data handled. 
• For a sample of suppliers, obtained 
and inspected the risk assessment 
reports to ascertain that the suppliers’ 
risk profiles aligned with the services 
provided and data handled by the 
suppliers. Additionally, ascertained 
that the risk profiles were reviewed at 
least on an annual basis. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-22 – Procedures are 
established and documented to 
evaluate government 
investigative demands for 
customer data. Procedures 
address a review and 
assessment by the Microsoft 
legal department, which will 
evaluate the legal basis for the 
request to determine what 
response is required, notify the 
impacted customer where 
permitted by law, where 
Microsoft is required to 
produce customer data, work 
with engineering to collect and 
produce the minimum data 
responsive to the request as 
required by law. Procedures are 
reviewed at least annually. 
• Inquired of Microsoft management to 
understand the procedures established to 
evaluate, review, notify and respond to 
government investigative demands for 
customer data. 
• Obtained and inspected the procedures 
established for government investigative 
demands for customer data and ascertained 
that they were reviewed on an annual basis. 
 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 167 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 163 
Section 5:  
Supplemental Information Provided by 
Management of Microsoft 
 
 


--- Page 168 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 164 
Section 5: Supplemental Information Provided by 
Management of Microsoft 
The information included in this section is presented by Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) to provide additional 
information to user entities and is not part of Microsoft’s description of the system. The information included 
here in this section has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the description of the 
system, and accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP expresses no opinion on it. 
Business Continuity Planning 
The Microsoft 365 (“M365”) service incorporates resilient and redundant features in each service and utilizes 
Microsoft’s enterprise-level datacenters. These datacenters use the same world-class operational practices as 
Microsoft’s corporate line of business applications. The M365 team’s long experience operating highly available 
services, combined with the company’s close ties to the product groups and support services, provides a 
comprehensive solution for the company’s online services with the ability to meet the high standards of its 
customers. 
The company’s online services’ designs include provisions to quickly recover from unexpected events such as 
hardware or application failure, data corruption, or other incidents that may affect a subset of the user 
population. The company’s service continuity solutions and framework are based on industry best practice and 
are updated on a regular basis to support Microsoft’s ability to recover from a major outage in a timely manner. 
Domain Name Services 
M365 Domain Name Service (DNS) provides authoritative name resolution for a subset of public-facing domains 
associated with M365. These domains can be purchased by customers to rename their domain URLs.  
Datacenter Services 
The Microsoft Datacenters Management team has overall responsibility for the oversight of datacenter 
operations, including physical security, site services (server deployments and break/fix work), infrastructure build-
out, critical environment operations and maintenance, and facilities management. Site Security Officers are 
responsible for monitoring the physical security of the facility 24x7. 
The Microsoft Datacenters Management team conducts periodic operational reviews with the key third-party 
vendors that support the Microsoft Datacenters. The purpose of the operational reviews is to discuss the current 
state of agreed-upon deliverables. Third-party vendors have specific statements of work with service level 
agreements that are monitored for compliance and adherence. Statements of work are reviewed on a periodic 
basis and updates are made accordingly, as business needs require. 
ISO/IEC Standards 27001:2022, 27017:2015, 27018:2019, 27701:2019, and 
22301:2019 
M365 is compliant with ISO standard 27001:2022 and meets the requirements of ISO 27002:2022, 27017:2015, 
and 27018:2019 published jointly by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the International 
Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). M365 is also compliant with ISO standards 22301:2019 and 27701:2019. 
ISO27000 series of standards were developed in the context of the following core principles: 
“The preservation of confidentiality (ensuring that information is accessible only to those authorized to 
have access), integrity (safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of information and processing 


--- Page 169 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 165 
methods) and availability (ensuring that authorized users have access to information and associated 
assets when required).” 
M365 has been certified against the above standards by the British Standards Institute (BSI). To view the 
certificates, see the Certificate/Client Directory Search Results page located on the BSI Global website. 
NIST 800-53 and FISMA 
M365 implements security processes and technology that adhere to the NIST 800-53 standards required by US 
federal agencies and have acquired FedRAMP Authority to Operate (ATO) from multiple federal agencies.  
Cloud Service Continuous Improvements 
M365 is a dynamic service which Microsoft continually updates with the latest features and functionality. While 
new features and functionality are regularly being added, the risk-based controls applied to the new components 
are expected to remain consistent with the risk-based controls applied to the existing M365 suite of services. 
Microsoft 365 Copilot  
Microsoft 365 Copilot is an advanced AI-powered assistant integrated into the Microsoft 365 suite. It leverages 
machine learning and natural language processing to assist users in various tasks, enhancing productivity and 
efficiency. It operates within the secure M365 environment. The Microsoft 365 Copilot service is included in the 
scope of the M365 Microservices SOC 2, Type 1 report, which is available for download via Microsoft’s Service 
Trust Portal.  
Management’s Response to Exceptions Identified 
The table below contains Management’s responses to the exceptions identified.  
Control Activity & Exception 
Management’s Response 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out on all 
changes according to established 
procedures. Users and stakeholders review 
and approve results of testing prior to 
implementation. 
 
Bing Teams 
Exception Noted. For 1 of 25 samples, a 
change was deployed prior to testing being 
fully completed. 
If a scenario cannot be tested in a normal environment and 
requires a specific one, deploying with proper approvals in the 
smallest possible footprint is appropriate. In these rare cases 
where the test environment can’t replicate the necessary 
conditions; such testing is considered diligent and proper, because 
it prevents a not properly tested rollout to the full environment. 


--- Page 170 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 166 
Control Activity & Exception 
Management’s Response 
CA-27 - There is a continual process for 
host vulnerability scanning, reporting and 
management review. Individual or 
centralized services apply patches and 
remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified 
and reported to management through a 
centralized process. Responses are tracked 
from compliant and non-compliant hosts, 
to ensure timely resolution of incidents of 
non-compliance. 
 
Exception Noted. For 4 out of 25 samples 
of open port/network security group 
alerts, the alerts were not resolved timely. 
Further, for the Microsoft Purview service, 
Internal Audit (IA) identified 39 overdue 
alerts. 
Resolution of alerts can be delayed due to reviews, monitoring or 
service changes. To avoid closing bugs prematurely, we ensure that 
issues are thoroughly resolved and stable before marking them as 
closed. 
 
For Microsoft Purview, due to a reporting issue, less than 1% of 
nodes handling data classification and indexing did not report to 
the scanning service. However, 99.75% of compute nodes were 
properly configured and reported correctly. 
CA-29 - Each Service team has on-call 
personnel who respond to potential 
Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If an 
incident is assigned a high severity, the 
M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
 
Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps and 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365   
Exception Noted. For the Advanced 
Hunting service, a backup on-call individual 
was not assigned within the on-call 
schedule. 
The period impacted has been reviewed and it was confirmed that 
there were no instances where there were gaps in on call coverage 
due to a backup not being assigned during the period of 
performance. The impacted service has updated its on call 
schedule. 
CA-34 - Identity of users is authenticated 
to M365 Services. The use of passwords 
incorporates policy on periodic change and 
password complexity. 
 
Exchange (EXO) and Microsoft Teams 
Exception Noted. For 1 sampled server 
selected for testing, local password 
paraments were not configured according 
to a centralized policy. 
While teams didn't use the centralized policy, they did create a 
custom policy for their environment which worked in conjunction 
with the JIT elevation and approvals for secure access to the 
servers. These servers do not allow interactive local user accounts 
to be provisioned. 


--- Page 171 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 167 
Control Activity & Exception 
Management’s Response 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 
environment that is not subject to 
automatic expiration settings is manually 
reviewed on a periodic basis. 
 
Identity Manager (IDM) 
Exception Noted. In 1 of the quarterly user 
access reviews selected for testing, the 
review of administrators was not done 
timely. 
 
Outlook Web App (OWA) 
Exception Noted. In the quarterly user 
access reviews selected for testing, 1 
security group was not included. 
 
Exchange Online Protection (EOP), 
Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps, 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365, 
Microsoft Priva, and Microsoft Purview 
Exception Noted. 2 users were removed 
untimely from the groups of Microsoft 
Priva and Attack Simulation. Further, an 
incomplete population of users was 
reviewed in Q2 and Q3. 
 
Exchange Online (EXO), Productivity 
Applications and Services, Microsoft 
Forms, Microsoft Planner, Microsoft Sway, 
Office for the web, Substrate Intelligence 
Platform (SIP), Bing Teams, Educational 
Services (EDU), Viva Glint, Viva Goals, Viva 
Insights, Viva Learning, and Viva Pulse 
Exception Noted. An incomplete 
population of users was reviewed in Q2 
and Q3. 
 
Microsoft Teams 
Exception Noted. Internal Audit (IA) noted 
that for Microsoft Teams, 2 security groups 
were not reviewed during Q1. Further, an 
incomplete population of users was 
reviewed in Q2 and Q3. 
Logs of account usage have been reviewed and it was confirmed 
that there was no inappropriate access. Applicable teams have 
been reminded of this control requirement. 


--- Page 172 ---
 
Microsoft 365 - Cloud Computing Compliance Criteria Catalogue (C5) Report - Page 168 
Control Activity & Exception 
Management’s Response 
CA-43 - When users no longer require 
access or upon termination the user 
access privileges are revoked in a timely 
manner. 
 
Exception Noted. 5 of 25 samples were not 
removed timely. 
 
For 3 samples, managers unfamiliar with the HR termination 
process did not submit termination data on time in the HR systems. 
To address this issue, M365 Leadership will collaborate with HR 
Leadership to ensure M365 managers are properly educated on 
termination procedures. For 2 samples, we have communicated 
the matter to M365 Leadership, and they are implementing 
additional monitoring.  
CA-46 - Production releases undergo a 
security review prior to their release into 
the production environment per defined 
criteria, including a code review. 
 
Productivity Applications and Services, 
Viva Glint, Viva Goals, Viva Learning, and 
Viva Pulse  
Exception Noted. For the Viva Goals 
service, Management identified and 
disclosed a total 12 instances of pull 
requests where developers self-approved 
their pull requests before checking them 
into the production build, leveraging 
multiple user accounts that they owned. 
Microsoft noted it was a single developer who self-approved 
internal template and telemetry changes. No changes that were 
self-approved impacted customers and/or production application 
code. Additionally, Microsoft noted that there were 2.1 million 
code changes during the examination period, and that the self-
approved pull requests make up .0005% of all pull requests. M365 
engineers have been reminded of standard security practices to 
have a secondary engineer perform a code review on all code 
changes, including internal changes. 
C5-CA-04 - Cryptographic certificates, keys, 
and customer access keys used for 
communication between Azure and M365 
services and other internal components 
are stored securely. 
 
Exception Noted. As part of the 
investigation conducted into the actions of 
Midnight Blizzard, Microsoft identified 
passwords and secrets impacting certain 
in-scope M365 services that were 
accessed by the threat actors through 
code repositories or Microsoft corporate 
email. Further, Internal Audit (IA) 
identified 17 users and 1 security group 
had persistent access to Azure Key Vaults. 
After investigation, Microsoft noted that no code changes were 
performed by Midnight Blizzard in any of the impacted code 
repositories, and all impacted code repositories had mitigating 
controls in place regarding segregation of duties. Additionally, 
Microsoft noted that none of the secrets accessed by Midnight 
Blizzard were high-risk (e.g. encryption keys), and the threat actor 
was not able to leverage any of the impacted secrets.  
Further, while it is possible for accounts to have standing access to 
Azure Key Vaults, mitigating controls have been implemented. 
These include Vanquish monitors and alerts for access to secrets, 
as well as a sweeper set to regularly remove standing accounts. 
 
