--- Page 1 ---
 
 
 
 
Microsoft Corporation— 
Microsoft 365 Central Services 
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report 
 
October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025 
 
 
 
== Microsoft
Deloitte.


--- Page 2 ---
 
 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s Report 
1 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
6 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its Microsoft 365 Central Services System 
9 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its Control Objectives and Related Controls, and 
Independent Service Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results 
39 
Section 5: Supplemental Information Provided by Management of Microsoft 
145 
 


--- Page 3 ---
 
 
Executive Summary 
Microsoft Corporation—Microsoft 365 
Scope 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Central Services 
Period of Examination 
October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025 
Location(s) 
Redmond, Washington (WA) 
Subservice Providers 
Yes –  
• Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) including Microsoft Datacenters 
Opinion Result 
Unqualified 
Controls with Testing 
Exceptions 
2 
Complementary User Entity 
Controls 
Yes – See Page 34 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Yes – See Page 36 
 
 
 


--- Page 4 ---
 
 
 
 
Section 1: 
Independent Service Auditor’s Report 


--- Page 5 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 1 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
1015 Second Avenue, Suite 500 
Seattle, WA 98104 
Tel: +1 206 716 7000 
Fax: +1 206 965 7000 
www.deloitte.com 
 
 
 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s Report 
Microsoft Corporation 
One Microsoft Way 
Redmond, WA 98052-6399 
 
Scope 
We have examined the description of the Microsoft 365 Central Services system (“M365”) of Management of 
Microsoft Corporation (the “Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) included in Section 3, “Management of 
Microsoft’s Description of Its Microsoft 365 Central Services System” throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025 (the “Description”) based on the criteria for a Description of a service organization’s system 
in DC section 200, 2018 Description Criteria for a Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® 
Report, in AICPA Description Criteria, (“description criteria”) and the suitability of the design and operating 
effectiveness of controls stated in the Description throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, 
to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements would be 
achieved based on the trust services criteria relevant to security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality (applicable trust services criteria) set forth in TSP section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for 
Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy, in AICPA Trust Services Criteria. 
The information in Section 5, “Supplemental Information Provided by Management of Microsoft” is presented 
by management of Microsoft to provide additional information and is not a part of management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its M365 system made available to user entities during the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025. Information in Section 5 has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the 
examination of the Description of the M365 Central Services system and of the suitability of the design and 
operating effectiveness of controls to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements 
based on the applicable trust services criteria and, accordingly, we express no opinion on it. 
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure, including the Microsoft Datacenters service, for its hosting of physical and virtual 
servers, network management, data protection, and storage services (“subservice organization”). The Description 
indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at the Service Organization, to achieve Microsoft’s service 
commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The Description presents 
Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of complementary subservice 
organization controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description does not disclose the actual 
controls at the subservice organization. Our examination did not include the services provided by the subservice 
organization, and we have not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of such 
complementary subservice organization controls. 
The Description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and 
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The Description presents Microsoft’s 
controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the complementary user entity controls assumed in the design 
Deloitte.


--- Page 6 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 2 
of Microsoft’s controls. Our examination did not extend to such complementary user entity controls, and we have 
not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of such complementary user entity controls.  
Service Organization’s Responsibilities 
Management of Microsoft is responsible for its service commitments and system requirements and for designing, 
implementing, and operating effective controls within the system to provide reasonable assurance that 
Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements would be achieved. Management of Microsoft has 
provided the accompanying assertion in Section 2 titled, "Management of Microsoft’s Assertion" (the “Assertion”) 
about the Description and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of controls stated therein. 
Management of Microsoft is also responsible for preparing the Description and Assertion, including the 
completeness, accuracy, and method of presentation of the Description and Assertion; providing the services 
covered by the Description; selecting the applicable trust services criteria and stating the related controls in the 
Description; and identifying the risks that threaten the achievement of the service organization’s service 
commitments and system requirements. 
Service Auditor’s Responsibilities 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Description and on the suitability of design and operating 
effectiveness of controls stated in the Description, based on our examination.  
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) and International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 
(Revised), Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, issued by the 
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether, in all material respects, the Description is 
presented in accordance with the description criteria, and the controls stated therein were suitably designed and 
operating effectively to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria. We believe that the evidence we 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
An examination of a Description of a service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and operating 
effectiveness of controls involves: 
• 
Obtaining an understanding of the system and the service organization’s service commitments and 
system requirements. 
• 
Assessing the risks that the Description is not presented in accordance with the description criteria and 
that controls were not suitably designed or did not operate effectively. 
• 
Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether the Description is presented in accordance 
with the description criteria.  
• 
Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether controls stated in the Description were suitably 
designed to provide reasonable assurance that the service organization would achieve its service 
commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. 
• 
Testing the operating effectiveness of those controls stated in the Description to provide reasonable 
assurance that Microsoft achieved its service commitments and system requirements based on the 
applicable trust services criteria. 


--- Page 7 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 3 
• 
Evaluating the overall presentation of the Description. 
Our examination also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances. 
Service Auditor’s Independence and Quality Control  
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of 
Professional Conduct established by the AICPA and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. We have complied with those requirements. We applied the 
Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and the International Standards on Quality 
Management issued by the IAASB and, accordingly, maintain a comprehensive system of quality control. 
Inherent Limitations 
The Description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad range of report users and therefore may not 
include every aspect of the system that each individual report user may consider important to meet their 
informational needs.  
There are inherent limitations in any system of internal control, including the possibility of human error and the 
circumvention of controls. 
Because of their nature, controls may not always operate effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the 
service organization’s service commitments and system requirements are achieved based on the applicable trust 
services criteria. Also, the projection to the future of any conclusions about the suitability of the design and 
operating effectiveness of controls is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Description of Tests of Controls 
The specific controls tested, and the nature, timing, and results of those tests are listed in Section 4, 
“Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its Relevant Criteria and Related Controls, and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results.” 
 
Opinion 
In our opinion, in all material respects:  
a. The Description presents Microsoft’s M365 Central Services system that was designed and implemented 
throughout the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, in accordance with the description 
criteria. 
b. The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls operated 
effectively throughout that period and if the subservice organization and user entities applied the 
complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls throughout that period. 
c. The controls stated in the Description operated effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria and if the subservice 


--- Page 8 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 4 
organization and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s 
controls throughout that period. 
Restricted Use 
This report, including the description of tests of controls and results thereof in Section 4, is intended solely for the 
information and use of management of Microsoft, user entities of Microsoft’s M365 Central Services system 
during some or all of the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, business partners of Microsoft subject 
to risks arising from interactions with Microsoft’s system, practitioners providing services to such user entities and 
business partners, prospective user entities and business partners, and regulators who have sufficient knowledge 
and understanding of the following: 
• 
The nature of the service provided by Microsoft. 
• 
How Microsoft’s system interacts with user entities, business partners, subservice organizations, and 
other parties. 
• 
Internal control and its limitations. 
• 
Complementary user entity controls and complementary subservice organization controls and how they 
interact with related controls at Microsoft to achieve Microsoft’s commitments and system requirements. 
• 
User entity responsibilities and how they may affect the user entity’s ability to effectively use Microsoft’s 
services. 
• 
The applicable trust services criteria. 
• 
The risks that may threaten the achievement of Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements and how controls address those risks. 
This report is not intended to be, and should not be, used by anyone other than these specified parties.  
 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
Delete 4 Touche LLP
|


--- Page 9 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 5 
 
 
Section 2:  
Management of Microsoft’s 
Assertion 


--- Page 10 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 1 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 6 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
For the period from October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025 
We have prepared the description of the Microsoft 365 Central Services system (“M365”) of Management of 
Microsoft Corporation (“the Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) included in Section 3, “Management of 
Microsoft’s Description of Its Microsoft 365 Central Services System” throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025 (the “Description”), based on the criteria for a Description of a service organization’s system 
in DC section 200, 2018 Description Criteria for a Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® 
Report, in AICPA Description Criteria, (“description criteria”). The Description is intended to provide users with 
information about our system that may be useful when assessing the risks arising from interactions with 
Microsoft’s system, particularly information about system controls that Microsoft has designed, implemented, 
and operated to provide reasonable assurance that its service commitments and system requirements were 
achieved based on the trust services criteria relevant to security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality (applicable trust services criteria) set forth in TSP section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for 
Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy, in AICPA Trust Services Criteria.  
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure, including the Microsoft Datacenters service, for its hosting of physical and virtual 
servers, network management, data protection, and storage services (“subservice organization”). The Description 
indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at the Service Organization, to achieve Microsoft’s service 
commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The Description presents 
Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of complementary subservice 
organization controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description does not disclose the actual 
controls at the subservice organization. The Description does not extend to controls of the subservice 
organization. 
The Description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and 
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The Description presents Microsoft’s 
controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the complementary user entity controls assumed in the design 
of Microsoft’s controls. The Description does not extend to controls of the user entities. 
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that: 
a. The Description presents Microsoft’s system that was designed and implemented throughout the period 
October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, in accordance with the description criteria. 
b. The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls operated 
effectively throughout that period, and if the subservice organization and user entities applied the 
complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls throughout that period. 
Microsoft Corporation
Tel 425 882 8080
One Microsoft Way
Fax 425 706 7329
Redmond, WA 98052-6399
www.microsoft.com
BE Microsoft


--- Page 11 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 7 
c. The controls stated in the Description operated effectively throughout the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements were achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if the subservice organization 
and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls 
throughout that period. 
 
 
 


--- Page 12 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 8 
 
Section 3: 
Management of Microsoft’s Description 
of Its Microsoft 365 Central Services 
System  
 
 


--- Page 13 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 9 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its 
Microsoft 365 Central Services System 
Overview of Operations 
Business Description  
Microsoft Corporation’s (Microsoft) Microsoft 365 (M365) service is a subscription-based business software 
service hosted by Microsoft and sold directly, or with partners, to various customers worldwide. M365 services 
are designed to provide performance, scalability, security, management capabilities, and service levels required 
for mission-critical applications and systems used by business organizations. 
Customers subscribe to a standard set of features and services, which are hosted in a shared, multi-tenant 
environment. The Microsoft 365 Enterprise Cloud (M365 EC) is a complete, intelligent solution designed for the 
needs of large and mid-size organizations. It combines cloud-based applications with productivity services, 
including the latest Office applications, and a full suite of online services for operating systems, email, file storage, 
collaboration, and meetings. 
This includes the Government Community Cloud, an M365 offering designed for US government customers. Also 
included is the Government Community Cloud High and Department of Defense offering, in which customers 
subscribe to a standard set of features hosted in a multi-tenant environment designed for the US Federal 
government, defense industry, aerospace industry, and government contractors, to provide United States 
International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) support and meet Defense Information Systems Agency 
requirements. 
Additionally, M365 is part of the Microsoft Cloud for Financial Services offering. Microsoft Cloud for Financial 
Services provides capabilities to manage data to deliver differentiated experiences, empower employees, and 
combat financial crime. It also facilitates security, compliance, and interoperability. This set of cloud-based 
solutions enhances collaboration, automation, and insights to streamline processes; personalizes every customer 
interaction; improves customer experience; and delivers rich data insights. The data model enables Microsoft’s 
partners and customers to extend the value of the platform with additional solutions to address the financial 
industry’s most urgent challenges. These capabilities will help organizations align to business and operational 
needs and then deploy quickly to accelerate time to value Microsoft Cloud for Financial Services. Its capabilities 
(Unified Customer Profile, Customer Onboarding, and Collaboration Manager) are built atop Azure, Microsoft 
Dynamics 365, Microsoft Power Platform, and Microsoft 365 offerings. Azure, Microsoft Dynamics 365, and 
Microsoft Power Platform are not part of the scope of this report. 
M365 is physically hosted in Microsoft-managed datacenters. Microsoft Datacenters is managed and run by 
Azure, and both Microsoft Datacenters and Microsoft Azure are treated as one subservice organization (Azure) 
but will be referred to separately in this report to clarify which part of the Azure organization is responsible for 
the different services. Both services are not within the scope of this report. 
The following services are provided to all M365 customers: 
• 
Email access and productivity tools 
• 
Team communication and collaboration 
• 
Document and other file storage 
• 
Documents viewed and edited in a Web browser 


--- Page 14 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 10 
• 
Hosted operating systems 
• 
Intelligent platform features 
M365 streamlines workflow for customers by providing them with added security, increased email accessibility, 
and easy team collaboration by providing hosted messaging and collaboration solutions. 
Applicability of the Report  
This report has been prepared to provide information on M365’s internal controls that may be relevant to the 
requirements of its customers and affect the processing of user entities’ transactions. The detail herein is 
intended to meet the common requirements of a broad range of users and may not, therefore, include every 
aspect of the system that each customer may consider important. Furthermore, detail is limited to the controls in 
operation over the system as defined in the M365 scope boundary described below. The authorized users of the 
system supporting the internal controls are limited to M365 personnel. This report covers the software offerings 
described in the sections below. 
Infrastructure 
All M365 services are hosted within Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters. This includes (1) Microsoft 
Datacenters Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and (2) Azure’s IaaS and Platform as a Service (PaaS). 
For Microsoft Datacenters hosting, the physical servers are owned by M365, the operating system (OS) and 
software are managed by M365, and network layer protections are implemented by Microsoft Datacenters. M365 
manages the configuration of the network layer / protection in coordination with Microsoft Datacenters. 
For Azure’s IaaS hosting, M365 is responsible for the OS and database management. For Azure PaaS hosting, 
M365 is responsible for limited configurations of the OS, while Azure is responsible for database and storage 
setup and maintenance, and overall OS setup and protections. Network layer protections are implemented by 
Azure for both IaaS and PaaS and are managed in coordination with Azure.  
In both cases, Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for physical and environmental security. In addition, Azure’s 
PaaS provides customer authentication and rights management services through Microsoft Entra ID (formerly 
Azure Active Directory (AAD)). The controls managed by Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters, are 
audited separately and therefore are not within the scope of this report. 
 
  
 


--- Page 15 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 11 
Software  
In-Scope Customer Services  
M365 includes the following SaaS offerings: 
• 
Copilot Tuning – The process that routes customer requests from Azure Copilot Studio through the 
Substrate Intelligence Platform (SIP) to produce fine-tuned models to be used by Microsoft 365 App 
Catalog Service agents to deliver customized and compliance AI experiences. 
• 
Customer Lockbox – An access control technology designed to provide customer control and 
transparency over access to customer content. 
• 
Exchange Online (EXO) – An email service. 
• 
Exchange Online Protection (EOP) – A service providing security features, such as antivirus, antimalware, 
and antispam filtering for Exchange.  
• 
Microsoft 365 Copilot – An AI-driven assistant designed to enhance workplace productivity, by leveraging 
organizational data and integrating seamlessly across Microsoft applications, including the execution of 
predefined AI capabilities. 
• 
Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat Connection – An internal designation for the component that links the AI-
driven chat experience with Microsoft applications and organizational data. 
 
Microsoft 365 
Software as a Service (SaaS) 
Microsoft Azure 
Platform as a Service (PaaS) 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) 
Copilot Tuning
Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat 
Connection
Microsoft Priva
Outlook Web App (OWA)
Customer Lockbox
Microsoft Defender for 
Cloud Apps
Microsoft Purview
Productivity Applications 
and Services
Exchange Online (EXO)
Microsoft Defender for 
Office 365
Microsoft Sway
Service Encryption with 
Customer Key
Exchange Online Protection 
(EOP)
Microsoft Forms
Microsoft Teams
SharePoint Online (SPO)
Microsoft 365 Copilot
Microsoft Planner (Tasks)
Office for the web


--- Page 16 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 12 
• 
Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps – A service providing security features supporting the M365 internal 
and external services, including App Governance. 
• 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365 – A cloud-based service designed to protect against email threats like 
phishing, business email compromise, and malware. Key features include Advanced Hunting, Attack 
Simulation and Training, and One Cyber endpoint protection. The service offers tools for investigation, 
hunting, and remediation to help security teams manage threats efficiently. 
• 
Microsoft Forms – Create surveys, quizzes, and polls with real-time results, built-in response analytics, 
and export to Excel.  
• 
Microsoft Planner (Tasks) – Provides a visual way to organize teamwork with simplified task management. 
• 
Microsoft Priva – A service that provides personal data protection, automated privacy risk mitigation, and 
management of subject rights requests at scale. 
• 
Microsoft Purview – A family of data governance, risk, and compliance solutions that helps organizations 
govern, protect, and manage their entire data estate. The following Microsoft Purview solutions are 
included within the scope of this report: Auditing, Communication Compliance, Compliance Manager, 
Data Lifecycle Management, Data Loss Prevention, eDiscovery, Information Protection, Insider Risk 
Management, and Records Management.  
• 
Microsoft Sway – Digital storytelling application for creating interactive reports, presentations, personal 
stories, and more. 
• 
Microsoft Teams – A communication service that offers a threaded persistent chat experience that builds 
on M365’s group infrastructure, global scale, enterprise grade security, and graph-driven intelligence. 
• 
Office for the web (formerly known as Office Online) – Enables users to view and edit Word, Excel, 
PowerPoint, OneNote, and Visio documents online via a web browser.  
• 
Outlook Web App (OWA) – A web client for accessing Microsoft 365 email. 
• 
Productivity Applications and Services – 
o Augmentation Loop – A background service which augments Office client features. 
• 
Service Encryption with Customer Key – A service providing customers with two application-level 
encryption options for customer content at rest within the Exchange and SharePoint environments: 
Service Encryption with Microsoft-owned encryption keys and Service Encryption with customer-owned 
encryption keys (“Customer Keys”). 
• 
SharePoint Online (SPO) – A solution for creating websites to share documents and information with 
colleagues and customers. This information and documentation repository includes OneDrive, Microsoft 
365 Backup, and Project Online. This also includes Viva Topics, a unified knowledge and content 
experience across M365 and Viva Connections, which provides a personalized destination for employees 
to discover other Viva applications, relevant news, conversations, and the tools they need to succeed. 
Internal In-Scope Services 
M365 uses the following internal services to support the above offerings: 
• 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Remote Access – A set of servers providing remote access to M365 service 
production environments via authorized two-factor authentication and encryption. 
• 
Identity Manager (IDM) – An access management service providing an integrated and broad solution for 
managing M365 user identities and associated credentials for all M365 services. 


--- Page 17 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 13 
• 
Office Services Infrastructure (OSI) – A platform for backend applications including deployment, hosting, 
and monitoring infrastructure applications. 
• 
Vanquish – Internal service providing security monitoring and intrusion detection for M365 services.  
• 
Substrate Intelligence Platform (SIP) – A secure platform that enables M365 product teams to train and 
deploy intelligent features. 
• 
Containers on Substrate Managed Intelligent Clusters (COSMIC) – A non-customer facing internal M365 
capability that provides a centralized and standard mechanism for service teams to deploy their Azure-
based applications and containers to meet the M365 business compliance policies. 
• 
Griffin Azure – Provides a platform for backend applications that facilitate code deployment for services 
by coordinating with other deployment tools. Additionally, Griffin is built to leverage common security 
settings, tools, and workflows to provide a centralized deployment process for service teams to leverage. 
Internal Tools 
In addition to the product software, the following primary utilities are used by the service teams to execute 
controls relevant to the M365 system.   
• 
Employee Cloud Screening (ECS) – A Human Resources (HR) SAP interface used by Microsoft Human 
Resources that hosts employee background check information that synchronizes with IDM databases to 
limit user access to eligibilities based on background check status. 
• 
Substrate, Office Substrate Pulse (OSP) – Platform and system tools for centrally managing and hosting 
applications and services that are used internally by M365 and by customers.  
• 
Qualys – Scanning systems used to identify and resolve security vulnerabilities within the M365 
environment. 
• 
IDWeb, CoreIdentity, OneIdentity, and Torus – M365 user management tools used to grant temporary 
user access time-bound permissions and access to sensitive systems, including access to customer 
content. 
• 
Remote Desktop Services – The accepted method for Microsoft personnel to gain logical access to the 
M365 environment remotely using Remote Desktop Gateways (RDGs). 
• 
M365SuiteUX Environments and Release Dashboard, PilotFish, and Azure DevOps – Change management 
tools used by service and support teams to track and deploy code changes to production environments.  
• 
Aria, Geneva, Incident Manager (IcM), and Jarvis – Dashboards and alerting systems that monitor the 
capacity and availability of the servers and services based on pre-determined capacity and availability 
thresholds. In the event of a breach of a capacity or availability threshold, automated alerts are generated 
and communicated to the service team’s respective on-call engineer for tracking and remediation. 
Additionally, they provide a visual representation of major / minor system releases across various stages 
including preproduction, testing, and production. 
• 
M365 UAR Tool – A user access review tool designed to enable service teams to identify resources and 
perform a review of privileged access. 
People  
M365 personnel are organized into service teams that develop and maintain the application and the support 
teams that provide supporting services for system operations.  
Each service and support team for M365 has defined responsibilities and accountabilities to manage the security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality of the applications. The teams include the following groups: 


--- Page 18 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 14 
• 
Access Security – Personnel that maintain Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure Active Directory (AAD)) 
services, authentication rules and user access. Operates the IDM tool to provide access control 
automation for all teams. 
• 
Change Management – Development, testing, and project management teams tasked with developing 
and maintaining the M365 applications and supporting services. 
• 
Data Redundancy – Personnel for configuring and monitoring the replication and redundancy of specified 
internal and customer content for data availability, business continuity, and resiliency. 
• 
Security and Availability Monitoring – Personnel that monitor the incidents that affect the security and 
availability of M365 applications and supporting services. 
In addition to service teams, centralized support teams provide specialized functions for the services, including 
the following:  
• 
Enterprise Business Continuity Management (EBCM) – A single resource to assist M365 teams in analyzing 
continuity and disaster recovery requirements, documenting procedures, and conducting testing of 
established procedures. 
• 
M365 Security – Manages cross-platform security functions, such as security incident response, security 
monitoring, and vulnerability scanning. This team also develops and enforces the Secure Development 
Lifecycle process for M365 applications and support services. 
• 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) – Identifies, documents, and advises teams in implementing 
controls to maintain M365’s availability and security commitments to its customers. 
• 
Digital Security and Resilience (DSR) – Provides the access control and authentication mechanism for 
some service teams via IDWeb. 
• 
Azure – Provides customer authentication infrastructure including Microsoft Online Directory Services, 
Microsoft Organization ID, and Microsoft Entra ID (formerly AAD). 
• 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Remote Access – Provides internal users remote access control and authentication 
to the M365 environment. 
Procedures 
M365 adheres to Microsoft Corporation’s Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses: 
• 
Human Resources Security 
• 
Asset Management 
• 
Access Control 
• 
Cryptography 
• 
Physical and Environmental Security 
• 
Operations Security 
• 
Communications Security 
• 
Systems Acquisition, Development, and 
Maintenance 
• 
Supplier Relationships 
• 
Information Security Incident Management 
• 
Business Continuity Management 
• 
Compliance 
M365 uses National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standard 800-53 for baseline control 
procedures, which are documented in the M365 control framework. Control measures above and beyond NIST 
800-53 are included to address the full range of Microsoft contractual and regulatory commitments. The 
framework covers the following areas: 
• 
Access Control 
• 
Accountability, Audit, and Risk 
• 
Authority and Purpose 
• 
Awareness and Training 
• 
Media Protection  
• 
Personnel Security 
• 
Physical Access 
• 
Program Management 


--- Page 19 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 15 
• 
Configuration Management 
• 
Contingency Planning 
• 
Data Minimization and Retention 
• 
Data Portability 
• 
Data Quality and Integrity 
• 
Geographic Boundaries 
• 
Identification and Authentication 
• 
Incident Response 
• 
Individual Participation and Redress 
• 
Maintenance 
• 
Risk Assessment 
• 
Security 
• 
Security Assessment 
• 
Security Planning 
• 
System Access 
• 
System and Communication Security 
• 
System and Information Integrity 
• 
System and Services Acquisition 
• 
Use Limitation 
In addition to the above procedures, manual and automated control activities are described in the section 
“Description of Control Activities” below. 
Data  
M365 customer content is maintained in Azure and SQL server databases. Each service and support team is 
responsible for managing the security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality of the data in Azure or 
on the database servers. The table below details the data classifications for this report and the M365 
environment.  
Data Classification 
Definition 
Access Control Data 
Data used to manage access to administrative roles or sensitive functions. 
Customer Content 
This is the data, information, and code that admins and users provide to, transfer 
in, store in, or process in the Microsoft online service or product. 
End User Identifiable 
Information (EUII) 
Data that directly identifies or could be used to identify the authenticated user of 
a Microsoft service. 
Organization Identifiable 
Information (OII) 
Data that can be used to identify a particular tenant / Azure subscription / 
deployment / organization (generally configuration or usage data): 
− Not linkable to an individual user. 
− Does not contain customer content. 
System Metadata 
Data generated in the course of running the service, not linkable to a user or 
tenant. Does not contain Access Control Data, Customer Content, EUII, OII, or 
Account Data. 
Account Data 
Contact and billing / purchase / payment / license information for the enterprise, 
including the admin and any subdelegated admins. 
Control Environment  
Integrity and Ethical Values  
Corporate governance at Microsoft starts with a Board of Directors that establishes, maintains, and monitors 
standards and policies for ethics, business practices, and compliance that span the company. Corporate 
governance at Microsoft serves several purposes: 
• 
To establish and preserve management accountability to Microsoft’s owners by distributing rights and 
responsibilities among Microsoft Board members, Managers, and Shareholders. 
• 
To provide a structure through which management and the Board set and attain objectives and monitor 
performance. 


--- Page 20 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 16 
• 
To strengthen and safeguard a culture of business integrity and responsible business practices. 
• 
To encourage the efficient use of resources and to require accountability for the stewardship of these 
resources. 
Further information about Microsoft’s general corporate governance is available on the Microsoft website, 
www.microsoft.com. 
Microsoft’s Standards of Business Conduct  
Microsoft’s Standards of Business Conduct (“SBC”) reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and 
regulatory compliance. They summarize the principles and policies that guide Microsoft’s business activities and 
provide information about Microsoft’s Business Conduct and Compliance Program. The SBC was developed in full 
consideration of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley”) and NASDAQ listing requirements related to 
codes of conduct. 
Further information about Microsoft’s SBC is available on the Microsoft website, www.microsoft.com.  
Training and Accountability  
M365 leverages the SBC to provide employees with education and resources to make informed business decisions 
and to act on their decisions with integrity. SBC training and awareness is provided to Microsoft employees 
(including M365), contractors, and third parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on applicable policies, 
standards, and information security practices. Full-time employees must also take a mandatory SBC training 
course upon being hired and again on an annual basis thereafter. In addition, employees are required to 
participate in mandatory security and compliance training periodically to design, build, and operate secure cloud 
services. 
M365 staff and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the 
Microsoft Security Policy and applicable supporting standards. Individuals not employed by M365, but allowed to 
access, manage, or process information assets of M365, are also accountable for understanding and adhering to 
the guidance contained in the Microsoft Security Policy and associated standards. 
Commitment to Competence  
Microsoft hiring managers define job requirements prior to recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Job requirements 
include the primary responsibilities and tasks involved in the job, background characteristics needed to perform 
the job, and personal characteristics required. Once the requirements are determined, managers create a job 
description, which is a profile of the job, and is used to identify potential candidates. When viable candidates are 
identified, the interview process begins to evaluate candidates and to make appropriate hiring decisions. 
Microsoft employees create individual accountabilities that align with those of their managers, organizations, and 
Microsoft, and are supported by customer-centric actions and measures so that everyone is working toward the 
same overarching vision. Accountabilities are established when an employee is hired and then updated 
throughout the year according to business circumstances.  
Managers work with their employees to analyze progress against accountabilities and to adjust accountabilities, if 
needed, several times throughout the year. Managers evaluate individual contributions to teams, the business, or 
customer impact, taking into consideration contributions aimed at creating a high performing team and the 
demonstration of competencies relevant to the role. 
Compliance and Ethics — Board of Directors and Senior Leadership  
Compliance and Ethics designs and provides reports to the Board of Directors on compliance matters. Compliance 
and Ethics also organizes annual meetings with the Senior Leadership team for its compliance review. 


--- Page 21 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 17 
Internal Audit Department  
Microsoft has an Internal Audit (IA) function that reports directly to the Audit Committee (AC) of the Board of 
Directors, which is constituted solely of independent directors. IA has a formal charter that is reviewed by the AC 
and management. The responsibilities of IA include performing audits and reporting issues and recommendations 
to management and the AC. 
Audit Committee 
The AC charter and responsibilities are on Microsoft’s website, www.microsoft.com. The AC meets privately on a 
quarterly basis with Microsoft’s external auditors and IA. The topics for the quarterly AC meetings are found in 
the AC Responsibilities Calendar set out in the charter. In addition, the AC influences the company through the IA 
function. The AC reviews the scope of IA and advises on the process of identifying and resolving issues. Lastly, the 
AC monitors itself by completing an annual self-evaluation. 
Risk Assessment 
Practices for Identification of Risk 
IA, the Financial Compliance group, and the Finance Risk group perform formal risk identification processes each 
year. These assessments cover risks over financial reporting, fraud, and compliance with laws. 
Internal Audit — Fraud Risks  
IA and the Financial Integrity Unit (FIU) look for fraud risk. The FIU performs procedures for the detection, 
investigation, and prevention of financial fraud affecting Microsoft worldwide. Fraud and abuse that is uncovered 
are reported to the Disclosure Committee. The FIU provides both a reactive and proactive response to allegations 
of fraud and abuse. The FIU uses a case management system that is also used by the Director of Compliance to 
track cases and related metrics. The FIU interacts with Microsoft management, Corporate, External, and Legal 
Affairs (CELA), HR, Finance, Procurement, and others to determine specific fraud risks and responses. 
Periodic Risk Assessment 
IA and other groups within the company perform periodic risk assessments. The assessments are reviewed by 
senior management. 
IA specialization area leaders determine high-priority risks across the company, including risks related to financial 
reporting, operational business processes, and systems controls. Control failures are also analyzed to determine 
whether they give rise to additional risks. 
Annual Risk Assessment 
The annual risk assessment process is established to monitor, manage, and mitigate specific business risks related 
to security for customers and partners. Led by the Risk Management office, Microsoft follows an established 
approach to risk management and conducts an annual global risk assessment beginning in the first quarter of 
each fiscal year. The purpose of the annual risk assessment is to identify and prioritize each division’s specific 
strategic and operational risks based on impact, likelihood, and management control. Additionally, accountability 
is established for each risk and mitigation decisions are made at the Corporate Vice President level with 
transparency across the leadership team. 
Compliance and Ethics / IA / Risk Management — Risk Responsibility 
The responsibility for risk is distributed throughout the organization based on each individual group’s services. 
Compliance and Ethics, IA, and the Risk Management Group work together to represent enterprise risk 


--- Page 22 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 18 
management. Through quarterly and year-end reviews, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Corporate Controller 
(and respective groups) review the disclosures and issues that may have arisen. 
Information and Communication 
Internal Communication  
Responsibilities concerning internal control are communicated broadly, which include Monthly Controller calls, All 
Hands Meetings run by the CFO, and update conference calls held by the Financial Compliance Group with the 
Sarbanes-Oxley extended project team. Responsibilities for compliance with policies are set out in the SBC, for 
which a mandatory training has been established for all employees. Additionally, compliance managers meet with 
control owners to make sure they understand the controls for which they are accountable and update the 
controls based on changes in the business environment. 
Office of the CFO — Communications External to the Company 
CFO communications outside the company occur throughout the year and, where applicable, these external 
communications include discussions of the company’s attitude toward sound internal controls. The Office of the 
CFO is responsible for several communications outside of Microsoft including quarterly earnings releases, 
financial analyst meetings, customer visits, outside conferences, and external publications. 
Monitoring 
Compliance and Ethics — Business Conduct Hotline  
There is a confidential and anonymous Business Conduct Hotline available for employees to report issues. The 
hotline is accessible 24 hours per day and 7 days per week through email, phone, fax, the Microsoft Integrity Web 
site, and mail. The individual may also send a letter or fax reporting the concern to Microsoft’s Director of 
Compliance. Employees are instructed that it is their duty to promptly report concerns of suspected or known 
violations of the Code of Professional Conduct, the SBC, or other Microsoft policies or guidelines. The procedures 
to be followed for such a report are outlined in the SBC and the Whistle Blowing Reporting Procedure and 
Guidelines in the Employee Handbook. Employees are also encouraged to communicate the issue to their 
Manager, Senior Leadership, CELA contact, HR contact, or the Compliance Office. 
Internal Audit  
Microsoft’s IA department provides support to management across the company by independently and 
objectively analyzing whether the objectives of management are adequately performed, as well as facilitating 
process improvements and the adoption of business practices, policies, and controls governing worldwide 
operations. 
Monitoring of Subservice Organizations 
M365 uses Microsoft Azure, including the Microsoft Datacenters service, which manages datacenters, IaaS, and 
PaaS supporting services for the M365 applications including the hosting of physical and virtual servers, network 
management, data protection, and storage services. 
The M365 GRC team is responsible for identifying dependencies of each service and monitoring the organizations’ 
implementation of agreed-upon security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls. 
Dependencies are documented in Inter-Service Agreements. Monitoring includes, but is not limited to, the review 
of third-party service auditor reports and discussions with subservice organization management.  
 


--- Page 23 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 19 
A brief overview of the subservice organization used by M365 is below. 
Organization 
Brief Description 
Microsoft Azure, including 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Microsoft Azure’s cloud Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) offerings are used by 
M365 to host production data and handle logical access and change 
management (data protection) controls for M365. 
 
Microsoft Datacenters’ Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) offerings are used 
by M365 to host physical and virtual servers, network management, and 
system data storage. Microsoft Datacenters also handles physical and 
environmental security controls for M365. 
System Incidents 
There were no significant system incidents identified that (a) were the result of controls that were not 
suitably designed or operating effectively to achieve one or more of the service commitments and 
system requirements or (b) otherwise resulted in a significant failure in the achievement of one or 
more of those service commitments and system requirements during the period October 1, 2024 to 
September 30, 2025. 
Significant Changes 
As part of routine product development, there were some service reorganizations and minor scope adjustments 
due to retiring services. However, there were no changes that are likely to affect report users’ understanding of 
how the system is used to provide the service during the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025. Please 
see the Software section above for details over the in-scope services. 
Description of Control Activities 
This report leverages the TSP Section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing 
Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy, (AICPA, Trust Services Criteria). The description of control activities relevant 
to the trust criteria are included below. Additionally, the criteria for each principle and the relevant M365 controls 
in place to satisfy the criteria are included as part of “Part A” in Section 4 of this report and are an integral part of 
the description of the system.  
Business Planning 
The M365 planning process is driven by product updates and releases. Senior management defines the vision and 
strategy for the overall M365 product on an annual basis. During this process, senior management considers its 
high-level commitments and requirements to security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality in a 
series of planning meetings and communicates the output to M365 personnel through a strategy memo. The 
M365 Development and Project Management team leads also consider their teams’ commitments to security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality on a more specific level and communicate the outcome in 
component planning meetings. These commitments are then converted into design considerations for 
implementation during the product releases. Implementation of these requirements is advised by the M365 
Security team, which is responsible for overseeing security issues, system operation, and service availability within 
the M365 environment. In addition, an M365 GRC risk team has been defined and is responsible for management 
of security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls within the M365 environment. Finally, 
service teams have personnel who are responsible for system operation, service availability, and control 
implementation. Each team works to implement and maintain the commitments for security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality.  


--- Page 24 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 20 
Performance Review 
Microsoft employees create individual accountabilities that align with those established for their manager, 
organization, and Microsoft. Each accountability is supported with customer-centric actions and measures so that 
M365 personnel are working toward the same overarching vision. Accountabilities are established when an 
employee is hired and then updated throughout the year according to business needs.  
Periodically, performance reviews, called "Connects", are held between employees and their managers, during 
which progress is analyzed against accountabilities and accountabilities are adjusted, if needed. The manager 
evaluates the individual’s contributions to the team and business or customer impact, taking into consideration 
contributions towards creating a high-performing team and the demonstration of competencies relevant to their 
role.  
Standards of Business Conduct  
M365 leverages the SBC to provide employees with education and resources to make informed business decisions 
and act on their decisions with integrity. SBC training and awareness is provided to Microsoft employees 
(including M365), contractors, and third parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on applicable policies, 
standards, and information security practices. Full-time employees must also take a mandatory SBC training 
course upon being hired and again on an annual basis thereafter. In addition, employees are required to 
participate in mandatory security and compliance training periodically in order to design, build, and operate 
secure cloud services. 
Background Checks  
Background checks are required and renewed every 2 years for all full-time employees (FTEs) and vendors 
internationally, as permitted by the laws of each country, before access is granted to certain eligibilities within 
each workstream.  
Microsoft full-time employees request background checks, when necessary, through the OSP employee portal. A 
notification is sent to the requesting employee’s manager for approval. If approved, a notification email is sent to 
Microsoft HR to process a background check for the requesting employee. When the background check is 
complete, HR enters the results into SAP. 
For vendors and contractors, vendor companies are responsible for completing a valid background check for each 
contracted vendor. Once completed, Microsoft receives an attestation letter from the vendor company 
confirming the completion and pass status of the vendor’s background check. Once the background check 
validation is received, Microsoft enters relevant information into SAP through the ECS interface. Background 
check information for FTEs and vendors is pushed from SAP to an IDM database, after which the IDM tool checks 
for employee background check information before access to M365 cloud environments can be requested by the 
employee. Full and incremental sync jobs run to keep the data used by the IDM tool current. 
Service administrators configure requirements, including background checks, for eligibilities within each 
workstream. If no background check is on file, or if a background check has expired, the user receives an error 
indicating that the employee does not have the required background check, thus preventing the employee or 
vendor from obtaining those eligibilities. 
System Description  
Information regarding the design and operation of M365, including Service Level Agreements (SLAs), is available 
to customers on the Internet in many locations, including www.microsoft.com. Additional system description 
details are available for customers and potential customers through third-party audit and attestation reports, as 


--- Page 25 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 21 
well as control documentation, through the Service Trust Portal in the Admin Portal. A specific view of the M365 
environment is used internally to analyze key processes for system operation. 
Customer Commitments and Responsibilities  
Externally, M365 communicates its commitments, including those related to regulations, security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality to customers through contracts and SLAs. Internally, these commitments 
are reflected in a control framework, which is refreshed on an annual basis with control owners. These 
commitments and the associated control framework are distributed to M365 employees through policies, 
training, and GRC Office Hours (“Office Hours”). Office Hours are weekly time slots set aside during which M365 
teams may speak with the GRC team to discuss topics including security, availability, and regulatory information, 
and how that information could impact their relevant areas of the control framework. 
In addition to communicating commitments to its customers, M365 communicates the responsibilities of the 
customer to use the services. These responsibilities are described in SLAs, contracts, audit and attestation reports 
issued by independent auditors, and through descriptions available on Microsoft websites. 
Policies  
All Microsoft 365 staff and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance 
contained in the Microsoft Security Policy and applicable supporting standards. Individuals not employed by 
Microsoft but allowed to access, manage, or process information assets of Microsoft are also accountable for 
understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the Security Policy and Standards. This policy defines 
accountability and responsibility for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It 
addresses asset classification, risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the Microsoft intranet.  
Security and Availability Incident Communication  
M365 has established incident response procedures and centralized tracking tools, which consist of different 
channels for reporting production system incidents and weaknesses. Security and availability monitoring tools 
include Aria, Geneva, Incident Manager (IcM), Jarvis, Vanquish, and Office Substrate Pulse. Incidents may also be 
reported via email by different M365 teams or Microsoft groups, such as the specific application and supporting 
services teams, Azure teams, or Microsoft Datacenters teams. The security teams operate 24x7x365 event / 
incident monitoring and response services. 
External users may communicate security and availability incidents to Microsoft and receive updates through 
Customer Support, the online customer portal, or the customer service number.  
Service Infrastructure and Support Systems Change Management 
Communication 
Customers may view prior or upcoming upgrades and changes to the M365 service infrastructure in the Microsoft 
365 Admin Center. In addition, M365 customers receive notifications of major changes prior to change 
implementation through the customer portal. See the section “Service Infrastructure and Support Systems 
Change Management” below for a description of the overall infrastructure and application change management 
process. 
Risk Assessment – M365 
M365 performs an annual risk assessment that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and the risk from these threats is formally assessed. The information 
gained from the assessment is used to create and prioritize work items. 


--- Page 26 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 22 
M365 is represented on the Operational Enterprise Risk Management (OERM) Governance Committee by the 
M365 Risk Management Office. For M365 the risk review is done annually, beginning in August. M365 risk 
management contacts the M365 GRC working group directly for updates to the overall environment and 
discussion of risk issues identified during the assessment process. The result of these procedures is a report sent 
to the Corporate Vice President of the Office Product Group for review and approval. M365 risk management also 
sends information to the OERM for inclusion in the annual report that is sent to the Microsoft Board of Directors 
in December. 
Control Design and Implementation  
Based on the risk assessment performed, control activities are put in place within the M365 control framework. 
This framework is managed by the M365 GRC group and is evaluated and updated on an ongoing basis. This 
evaluation includes input from changes to the overall M365 environment, the regulatory landscape, and results of 
control assessments. 
Implementation of the control activities is the responsibility of each of the M365 application and supporting 
service teams. 
Data Flow Diagrams 
Data flow diagrams showing M365 system interactions and dependencies are maintained for each service. On an 
annual basis, these diagrams are updated by GRC personnel with the input of relevant service teams. This is done 
to provide up-to-date M365 system design information to M365 personnel to provide them with an 
understanding of their role in the system and additional background for addressing system security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality-related issues. 
Control Monitoring 
The design and operating effectiveness of security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls 
are analyzed by a third party at least once per year. These assessments include external (e.g., ISO and FedRAMP 
audits) and internal evaluations (e.g., risk assessments and vulnerability scans). The results and findings from 
these assessments are addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked by the M365 GRC team to 
substantiate that they are addressed in a timely manner. 
Access Management 
All access to customer content is governed by the IDM service and follows the Just-in-Time access described 
within this report. Service teams may use other identity access management tools to manage access to internal 
tools and systems that do not store customer content.  
Identity Access Management 
M365 owns and manages tools that regulate access to M365 production environments. Most service teams use 
the IDM access management service to limit access to authorized users. The service, managed by the Access 
Control team, allows each of the other service teams to manage their respective AD clusters for their respective 
environment. Several backend processes synchronize with other internal Microsoft tools, such as Microsoft HR 
department systems, to check that user information (e.g., employment status, manager, cost center, background 
check information) meets predefined requirements. Users who meet predefined criteria are able to request 
access to certain eligibilities, and access is only granted after approval. 
Some access is regulated outside the IDM service via other tools and processes; however, the functionality and 
processes are the same. These tools include IDWeb, CoreIdentity, and OneIdentity. 


--- Page 27 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 23 
New User or Modification of User Access 
The process to request and approve new access via access management tools is managed through automated 
workflows configured within these tools. The systems automatically route access requests to the requestor’s 
manager for approval. Users who meet specified requirements (e.g., active user, active manager, applicable cost 
center, or background check) can request specific access rights within each environment. User requests trigger 
notifications to the user’s manager via email of a pending access request requiring manager approval. No access 
is provisioned within production environments until manager approval is obtained. 
There are certain groups, roles, or entitlements that fall outside the automated provisioning processes described 
above. In each case users must still submit access requests, and each request must be approved before the access 
is manually provisioned.  
For external users (customer entities), when a new customer is added to the M365 service, they are provided 
with an initial account for system setup. The provisioning of users and deactivation of users is the responsibility of 
the customer entity.  
Termination Access Removal 
When individuals leave the company, Microsoft HR updates the terminated employees’ details in the HR system, 
which syncs to access management tools via backend tasks. Access for terminated employees is then removed 
from respective service production environments. Without the appropriate entitlements, the user cannot access 
services within the M365 environment. 
Periodic User Access Review 
Services using the automated access provisioning processes above rely on workflows within the systems to 
automatically revoke user access based on the following criteria: 
• 
Inactivity - after 35 days of inactivity, the user’s account is disabled.  
• 
Manager Change - when a user’s manager and / or cost center has changed, users must re-request access 
using the same process described above, and the new manager must approve the user’s requested 
access.  
• 
Group Predefined Expiration - where applicable, services have security groups that have a set expiration 
period from when an account was granted access to the group. 
Periodic reviews, both manual and automated, are conducted to verify that each user’s access remains relevant 
and aligns with their job responsibilities. Some of these reviews use the automated M365 UAR Tool, while others 
are tracked manually by the services.  
Just-in-Time Access 
Just-in-Time (JIT) tools allow individuals to request temporary elevated access privileges on an as-needed basis to 
limited areas within the respective service team’s associated production environments.  
Each tool follows a similar process before granting temporary elevated access to requesting engineers. 
Automated configurations within each tool notify the submitting user’s manager with details of the access 
requested. If approved, the requesting user is granted access on a temporary basis, and the tool automatically 
removes the requested access based on built-in functionality within the tool. In certain cases, an engineer may 
receive a one-time preapproval for access elevations to specific areas within an environment; however, the access 
is still temporary in duration. Additionally, each elevation is logged and retained by the service team for incident 
evaluations. 


--- Page 28 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 24 
Developer Access to Production 
Using the access tools described above, the service teams have restricted access to appropriate personnel, 
including the enforcement of segregation between developers and operations personnel. 
Select service teams allow developers temporary access to production using the JIT tools and approval processes 
described above. Developer access is limited to specific areas of the environment for deployment or operations 
purposes. These limitations are enforced using Torus, a Remote PowerShell tool. Torus allows for the restriction 
of access to specific commands that can be run in the service team’s environment and requires approvals for each 
command being requested. The Torus request and approval process is managed by the JIT tools described above. 
For requests to make changes to production code or data by a developer or operator, an associated deployment 
request ticket must be provided and approved by a separate individual. 
Authentication  
Internal users are authenticated using Remote Desktop Services and must be authenticated using a two-factor 
authentication mechanism that includes a smartcard with PIN to log into the RDG. After logging in to the RDG, the 
user must enter his / her production account user ID and password to access production servers. The corporate 
password requirements are defined and configured within code and passwords are automatically generated. 
These requirements include password complexity, length, history, and duration. Additionally, internal users can 
gain temporary access to elevated roles allowing access to customer content via the JIT methods described 
above. For those services that only use JIT elevations to access the environment with no standing access, there 
are requirements built into the JIT tools for generating one-time complex passwords for authenticating into these 
environments. 
For external users, Microsoft provides various options to enable the authentication mechanism for end users and 
M365 customers. Each external entity is responsible for substantiating that the mechanism is configured and 
operating, as well as enforcing the use of strong passwords. 
Mobile Devices 
For Microsoft employees and other internal users, access to M365 applications and supporting services 
infrastructure through mobile devices is restricted and managed by the Microsoft Datacenters group.  
External users will go through the same authentication process to access M365 applications regardless of device. 
The external users’ access is managed and configured by the customer. 
Data Management 
Data Transmission (Encryption) 
Encryption between Microsoft employee and Datacenter connection 
RDG connections are configured to establish Transport Layer Security (TLS) connections between the internal 
users and the server. The Transport Layer Security (TLS) key management utilizes Federal Information Processing 
Standard (FIPS) FIPS 140‑2/140‑3 validated cryptographic modules. 
Additionally, access to the M365 applications and support services environments by Microsoft employees to both 
the RDG and the service servers is encrypted using the defined encryption settings and protocols described 
above. This encryption is managed by the M365 Remote Access team.  
Encryption between client and Microsoft Datacenter connection 
Based on the customer’s data connection request, the encrypted connection is configured through the Microsoft 
network between the client and the desired M365 application and support services. The encryption levels are set 


--- Page 29 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 25 
by the customer, but each M365 service team has a specified and maintained listing of allowable encryption 
protocols that the customer may use.  
Encryption between Microsoft Datacenters 
Each service team is responsible for establishing secured and encrypted connections across datacenters. Teams 
that use an Azure PaaS subscription rely on Azure to configure and manage encryption settings. 
Data at Rest (Encryption) 
Customer content at rest in the M365 environment is encrypted at rest utilizing full disk encryption or file level 
encryption. The data is encrypted through the use of BitLocker for disk level encryption and custom code built 
into the applications and supporting services for file level encryption. For example, SPO encrypts at the per-
document level, and EXO provides mailbox level encryption by default. Additionally, teams that store data on 
Azure Blob storage utilize Azure’s built-in encryption at rest. 
Data Segregation 
Customer content is stored and processed on a shared database, which is logically segregated using program logic 
and a different customer identifier. 
Customer Lockbox 
For customers utilizing the Customer Lockbox feature, Customer Lockbox is an access control technology included 
in M365, designed to provide customer control and transparency over access to customer content hosted in 
Microsoft Datacenters. The service grants Microsoft engineers temporary access to customer content on an as-
needed basis, only as approved by an appropriate tenant authority. The following sections, prefixed with 
“Customer Lockbox,” detail the procedures in place to limit Microsoft access to customer generated content.  
Customer Lockbox - Authorization and Notification 
Access to customer content for customers utilizing the Customer Lockbox feature is initiated through a Service 
Request made via Microsoft’s customer support. If the Service Request requires access to customer content, the 
access is requested through the Customer Lockbox tool. Individuals who are approved to access the customer 
content do so using the Remote PowerShell (RPS) tool. 
Only Microsoft engineers with appropriate access entitlements within the Exchange environment, can request 
temporary elevation to the ‘AccessToCustomerData’ role, which allows access to customer content. The request 
process is built into Customer Lockbox. If approved by the role owners, Microsoft managers, the request is then 
routed to a customer contact for additional approval. 
Customer Lockbox - Customer Approval 
The automated workflows supporting the Customer Lockbox elevation process require that elevation requests are 
first approved by Microsoft management before being submitted to a tenant administrator. Tenant 
administrators are assigned and are the responsibility of each customer. If the request is not approved within a 
specified period of time by both the Microsoft management and the tenant administrator, then the elevation 
request times out and becomes invalid. 
Customer Lockbox - Associated Service Request 
Each elevation request made using Customer Lockbox must reference an associated service request number 
before submission to Microsoft management for approval. Attempts to submit an elevation request without an 
associated service request number will fail, and the RPS tool will return an error. Service requests are either 
submitted by the effected customer or created and communicated to the customer prior to the elevation 
request. 


--- Page 30 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 26 
Customer Lockbox - Microsoft 365 Admin Center 
M365 customers can review a history of Customer Lockbox elevation requests within the customer’s M365 Admin 
center. The history includes relevant information for current and past elevation requests, including the date, 
service request number, duration of elevation, reason for elevation, and requestor. The logs are kept for a 
reasonable period of time based on SLAs. 
Customer Lockbox - Searchable Audit Logs 
Server activity is logged for each Customer Lockbox elevation, and the activity log repository is available to each 
Customer Lockbox customer. Activity logs show what actions and commands were executed on a server 
containing customer content by a Microsoft engineer for the time allowed during an elevation requested through 
Customer Lockbox. 
Customer Lockbox - Management Review of Elevations 
Microsoft management pulls logs of Customer Lockbox elevations, as well as capacity server administrator 
elevations, from a data repository and investigates any anomalies. Any anomalies identified are discussed and 
actioned in a weekly service review. The statistics are aggregated and reviewed annually with Microsoft 
management. For customers who have chosen to use Customer Lockbox, it is the only way to access customer 
content. Any other access paths are considered malicious access and are not covered by this attestation. 
Service Encryption with Customer Key in Microsoft 365 
For customers utilizing the Service Encryption with Customer Key feature, Microsoft 365 provides customers with 
two application-level encryption options for their data within Exchange and SharePoint service: 1) Service 
Encryption with Microsoft-owned encryption keys, and 2) Service Encryption with customer-owned keys 
(“Customer Keys”).  
In the standard Microsoft Service Encryption described above, M365 owns the encryption keys for the customer’s 
Exchange mailboxes and SharePoint sites. Service Encryption with Customer Key (“Customer Key”) is an opt-in 
encryption offering that allows M365 customers to supply and manage their own encryption keys for advanced, 
self-managed protection. The Customer Key offering is available in the Exchange Online Worldwide, GCC-M, GCC-
H, Department of Defense environment, as well as the SharePoint Online Worldwide environment.  
Each “Customer Key” subscription a customer maintains has its own service tenant encryption identifier, and two 
corresponding Azure-hosted customer key vaults. The customer keys are housed in Azure Key Vault; the 
onboarding process is inclusive of an Azure subscription creation, which customers will then use to house their 
keys, that correspond with their “Customer Key” service. The two respective Azure Key Vaults each maintain a 
unique encryption key provided by the customer during the “Customer Key” onboarding process. 
For EXO: The Customer Key model can be applied to all users within a customer’s AD environment or can be 
segregated based on customer-preferred user groupings or business unit differentiations. Each respective 
Exchange “Customer Key” subscription instance maintains its own Data Encryption Policy (“DEP”) that must be 
configured by the customer admin during the onboarding process as well. Once a DEP has been created, the 
customer can provision AD user mailboxes to that DEP, applying that encryption policy to the user mailboxes 
provisioned to that Customer Key DEP.  
For SPO: The Customer Key model is applied at the tenant level via Tenant Intermediate Keys (TIKs); if a customer 
opts-in to Customer Key, all SharePoint site instances are encrypted at the application layer. 
Customer mailboxes or SharePoint sites associated with a Customer Key DEP or TIK are only accessible through 
utilizing the customer root keys relevant to each encryption policy type, which are stored in Azure Key Vault. 
Through Azure, Microsoft maintains its own interim keys, but an interim key does not have the ability to decrypt 


--- Page 31 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 27 
customer data. Under rare circumstances, Microsoft may need to access resources with customer content to 
perform specific service-oriented and maintenance tasks.  
To do this the service performs a customer key wrap operation, in which Microsoft’s interim key is sent to Azure 
blob storage to be wrapped with a data blob of the customer key. The Azure key wrap function does not allow 
Microsoft access to the unique customer root keys themselves; the interim keys are instead wrapped with the 
root key data for access purposes. Once retrieved, the Microsoft engineer can access resources with customer 
data to perform the relevant service tasks. Once the tasks are complete, an unwrap operation is performed, in 
which the wrapped interim key is sent to Azure blob storage to be unwrapped and consequently disassociated 
from the customer root key housed in Azure Key Vault. Unwrapped interim keys cannot access Customer Key 
encrypted data. 
Microsoft provides additional protections if the customer owned root keys are lost or stolen with an “Availability 
Key”, which provides M365 customers with the capability to recover from the unanticipated loss of root keys. 
Microsoft will either assist customers through this process or provide customers with instructions on how to 
recover without assistance from Microsoft.  
The Availability Key is a root key that is provisioned and protected by Microsoft and is functionally equivalent to 
the root keys that are supplied by the customer for use with service encryption with “Customer Key.” Because the 
Availability Key is protected by Microsoft, it uses a different security design and controls from keys that the 
customer manages. This provides defense-in-depth and protects against the loss of all keys from a single attack or 
point of failure. Sharing the responsibility to protect the keys, while using a variety of protections and processes 
for key management, ultimately reduces the risk that all keys will be lost or destroyed. 
Service Encryption with Customer Key in Microsoft 365 – Termination 
Customers can opt out of the Service Encryption with Customer Key service. For EXO, customers can revoke root 
key access, either through group divestiture at a DEP level or through full-service exit. Since the TIK applies to all 
SharePoint instances, opting out of the Customer Key service consequently applies to all of the tenant’s 
SharePoint instances. 
When a tenant wishes to opt-out of the Service Encryption with Customer Key service, the Exchange and 
SharePoint tenant administrators must confirm that the customer is truly opting out of the service and wants the 
data to be deleted. Once a customer opts out of the service, deletes their own root keys, and signs the 
eDocument stating their service termination, Microsoft locks the customer out of their data as a confirmation 
step that the tenant would truly like that data to be deleted. Once this step has been taken, the customer’s 
executive team must formally communicate the opt-out decision on behalf of the customer via signed and 
notarized documentation. Microsoft will maintain their root key to the customer’s data until the executive 
confirmation of service termination has been received, or the 90 to 180 day deletion period threshold based on 
contract-defined SLAs has been reached. Once the customer service termination confirmation has been 
communicated, the customer can request that Microsoft delete its root key access to the data in question. 
Network Management 
Network Problem Management 
Microsoft Datacenters’ Global Networking Services (GNS) has designated teams (i.e., Problem Management, 
Network Escalations, and Network Security) to identify and address security alerts and incidents. GNS is 
responsible for identifying and analyzing potential problems and issues in the Microsoft 365 Services networking 
environment.  
Network Configuration Monitoring 
Microsoft Datacenters’ GNS team has implemented procedural and technical standards for the deployment of 
network devices. These standards include baseline configurations for network devices, network architecture, and 


--- Page 32 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 28 
approved protocols and ports. GNS regularly monitors network devices for compliance with technical standards 
and potentially malicious activity.  
Network Change Management 
GNS has implemented a formal change management process that requires network changes, including 
configuration changes, emergency changes, Access Control Lists changes, and new deployments to be 
documented and authorized prior to implementation. Changes and change approvals are tracked in a ticketing 
system. 
Server/Network Device Remote Access  
Microsoft Datacenters provides remote server and network device access to Microsoft Datacenters-managed 
environments. Access is provided through Microsoft Datacenters-managed Active Directory security groups and 
follows standard logical access procedures as established by Microsoft Datacenters and GNS.  
Server Build-out Process 
M365 has a defined server build-out process to deploy and configure new servers and rebuild existing servers. As 
part of the server build-out process, each service team performs the following: 
• 
Connect the server to the specified domain. 
• 
Install antimalware agents to get up to date antimalware signature files and definitions.  
• 
Install a server agent to collect server activities and upload the logs to the Security Incident Response 
(SIR) team databases for security assessment activities. 
After the base server image is applied and the related build-out process is finished, quality assurance reviews are 
conducted to validate that the server build-out process completed as expected. The quality assurance review 
follows a process for server build-out compliance:  
Automated build-out tool  
Application and supporting service teams that leverage an automated build-out and deployment process utilize a 
scan performed by the deployment tool to substantiate the build had completed successfully. If there is a failure, 
the tool attempts to redeploy the build until it is successful. 
Certain services leverage Microsoft’s Azure PaaS offerings for server build-out and management. Teams who use 
Azure IaaS with customized server images maintain, update, and test server images as part of the deployment 
process. Once the server image has been tested, it is provided to Azure for actual deployment. 
Antimalware 
Through the server build-out process, each application and supporting service has an antimalware agent installed. 
The antimalware agent is configured to obtain the latest available definition files on a master antimalware server. 
If there are issues related to the agent synchronization process with the master server, the individual server’s 
antimalware agent automatically notifies the SIR team, and the reported issue is analyzed and resolved. 
Vulnerability and Patch Management  
The M365 Security team monitors for known configuration and patching vulnerabilities through automated scans 
based on Qualys technology. A master server is configured to scan each server across the M365 applications and 
supporting services suite to analyze and report known vulnerabilities and patch non-compliance. Each service 
team reviews the vulnerability scan report from the master server and assesses the criticality of the vulnerabilities 
and applies patches as applicable.  


--- Page 33 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 29 
New vulnerabilities (e.g., those from responsible disclosure programs) are communicated to M365 through the 
Microsoft Security Response Center. If a patch is developed for the vulnerability, each service team evaluates the 
relevance of the patch to its environment and applies the patch as applicable.  
Security Incident Monitoring  
M365 has implemented incident response procedures, which consist of technical mechanisms, organizational 
infrastructure, and other procedures to detect, respond, and deter security incidents. The M365 incident 
management technical infrastructure includes monitoring systems for detecting and alerting M365 personnel of 
security events and incidents. A monitoring agent is installed on each server at the time of server build-out to 
transfer the security logs to the Security Incident Response (SIR) team, which identifies potential incidents and 
serves as a central repository for investigations. Incidents posing significant risk to the environment are prioritized 
for response and mitigation.  
Additionally, each service team has on-call personnel covering a 24 / 7 schedule. If an incident is assigned a high 
enough severity, applicable contingency plans are invoked. When a contingency plan is invoked, the incident 
manager on shift works with the M365 Security team to implement the contingency plan. 
Service Infrastructure and Support Systems Change Management 
Service- and support-related changes follow an established change management process for the M365 
environment. Each change is tracked within identified ticketing systems, which contain information that can be 
linked to approval and testing details related to the change. These ticketing systems are listed in the Software 
section above. Appropriate authorizations and approvals needed for the changes being made to these 
environments are defined in the tickets.  
When service teams or customer representatives enter a request for a change to the M365 environment in the 
change management systems, a representative of the relevant workstream is charged with addressing the change 
request. If a code modification is required, the addressor will perform a pull request, which replicates the master 
branch’s code and allows the user to perform necessary code modifications without disrupting the live code 
running in production. Each individual change or addition made to address the change request is subject to a peer 
review in which another workstream representative reviews and approves the individual code changes. Once a 
change is peer reviewed and approved, it is checked into a build, along with other changes that are currently in 
the workstream’s deployment process. Each build is subject to security and static analysis testing to test for the 
presence of security vulnerabilities. Except for specific scenarios, M365 environment change management 
processes require 100% testing pass rates prior to moving forward in the deployment process. When a build 
successfully completes security testing, it is deployed to preproduction environments for integration testing. 
Builds can be independently deployed to the preproduction environments or multiple builds can be aggregated 
into a “release,” which is subject to integration testing. Code that has successfully completed all testing types is 
then deployed to the master code repository and is recognized as the newest version of the workstream’s source 
code. There are generally three types of preproduction environments, or “rings,” for ring validation integration 
testing: 
• 
Microsoft DogFood: The workstream’s initial test ring consisting of a subset of Microsoft employees and 
customers who test changes on Microsoft’s behalf. 
• 
Microsoft Internal IT (MSIT): The MSIT ring allows the release to be subject to testing by all Microsoft 
employees. 
• 
Slice in Production (SIP): Once the release is successfully integrated into the MSIT ring, it is moved into 
the SIP environment, which consists of about 5% worldwide customers who have decided to opt in and 
are able to provide feedback. 


--- Page 34 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 30 
Certain types of changes in M365 change management systems are subject to additional review and approval 
processes, dependent on the nature of the change. The four approval levels based on the nature and impact of 
the change have been included below: 
• 
Auto-approval – A set of preapproved, low-risk standard changes. 
• 
Functional (Peer) Approval – Standard changes with a slightly higher level of risk. 
• 
Change Advisory Board Approval – Changes with the potential for high risk and high impact. 
• 
Emergency Change Advisory Board Approval – A risk that must be remediated timely, such as an out of 
band security patch. 
M365 service teams use a variety of tools to deploy changes to Azure. The ability to deploy code is restricted to 
appropriate build deployers using a combination of IDM, Torus, and Lockbox permissions.  
Security Development Lifecycle 
M365 environments follow the standard Microsoft Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) process which includes, 
at a minimum, risk assessment, testing, approval, and documentation. The SDL process includes security 
development requirements, which are intended to reduce the number of security-related bugs that appear in the 
design, code, and documentation associated with a software release, as well as to detect and remove those bugs 
as early in the SDL as possible.  
Risk assessment and design review occurs in a Change Advisory Board entitled “CAB Office Hours” whose 
members formally “Approve” or “Deny” any major or significant change prior to implementation. Members 
include representatives from Compliance, Security, and Microsoft Legal teams.  
Testing, including code reviews, occurs during the development and build processes. Results of the tests, reviews, 
and approvals are tracked through ticketing systems used by each team. These ticketing systems are listed in the 
Software section above. 
Availability Monitoring 
M365 applications and supporting services utilize different tools to monitor and evaluate their service’s health 
(i.e., capacity, resiliency, and availability). These tools are configured to automatically alert assigned team 
members of issues impacting service health. For each service team, there are 24x7 On-Call Engineers, or “OCEs”, 
that monitor and resolve the issues that are reported or identified. Each service utilizes their own custom tools to 
monitor their respective service’s health. These tools are described in the Software section of the report above. 
In addition to the above monitoring, M365 senior management reviews capacity, availability, and resiliency 
reports from the above tools, for anomalies and deviations that could impact availability. On at least a monthly 
basis, M365 teams prepare an overview of the service team’s capacity, availability, and resiliency from the prior 
month. This overview presents the root cause of anomalies or deviations to senior management. Based on the 
meeting, issues or changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
Data Replication and Data Redundancy 
Data for customer content, applications, and support services is replicated for redundancy and disaster recovery 
purposes. M365 applications and supporting services are generally replicated from the primary content database 
to a secondary content database within the same primary datacenter. The primary and secondary databases are 
then replicated across geographically dispersed datacenters. Generally, the data maintained in the primary 
content database is replicated and accessible in real time via: (1) the primary database; (2) a secondary replication 
database located in the same primary datacenter with real time data; (3) a secondary disaster recovery server 
with real time replicated data in a geographically segregated datacenter; or (4) a server with a few minutes lag 
replication in a geographically dispersed datacenter. 


--- Page 35 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 31 
Data is accessible for redundancy and disaster recovery purposes for applications and support services through 
the data replication process described above, to meet the SLA requirements.  
It should be noted that the replication process described above reflects the processes in place for the EXO and 
SPO systems at an overall level. The supporting service teams perform similar replication processes, such as 
utilizing an Active-Active replication process, but do not maintain lag copies of data. Azure based services rely on 
Azure capabilities for geo-redundant replication and storage.  
Business Continuity 
The majority of M365 service teams participate in the Enterprise Business Continuity Management (EBCM) 
program that uses a common set of criteria to determine the relevancy and frequency of failover exercises. 
Teams not yet integrated into the EBCM process perform periodic failover testing. Where relevant, failover 
exercises are conducted on a regular basis to test applications and related data to verify the accessibility at a 
secondary disaster recovery location. The frequency of conducting failover exercises, as well as the recovery time 
objectives (RTOs) for each application and support service, are based on the nature and criticality of the systems. 
The RTOs are developed as part of the overall M365 Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning. The 
primary objective of conducting failover exercises is to test whether the RTOs may be met in case of a disaster. 
Issues identified as part of the failover tests are tracked to ultimate resolution. 
Customer Termination 
Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and SLAs. Customers are responsible for the upload / download and management of 
data stored within the M365 environments related to confidentiality. 
Processing and Data Integrity 
M365 processes data uploaded and managed by the customers per agreed upon processes and procedures. As 
part of the geographic replication process, data being replicated between datacenters is monitored for 
completeness and accuracy. 
Confidentiality 
As described in the Customer Termination section customer content is retained after termination of M365 
subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the customer in the contract and SLAs. Customers are 
responsible for the upload / download and management of data stored within the M365 environments related to 
confidentiality.  
M365 will remove customer content per contract agreements based on customer account status (e.g., 
Terminated, Suspended). 
Trust Criteria and Related Control Activities  
Trust criteria mapped to the related control activities is documented in Section 4 under Part A. The testing 
procedures performed over the related control activities are listed in Section 4 under Part B of this report, 
“Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its Relevant Criteria and Related Controls, and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and Results,” to reduce the redundancy that would result from listing 
them in this section and repeating them in Section 4. While these controls are listed in Section 4, the service 
organization remains responsible for the representations in the description of controls. These control activities 
include preventive, detective, and corrective policies and procedures that help M365 identify, decrease, manage, 
and respond to risk in a timely manner.  


--- Page 36 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 32 
Principal Service Commitments and System Requirements 
Microsoft makes service commitments to its customers and has established system requirements as part of the 
M365 service. Some of these commitments are principal to the performance of the service and relate to 
applicable trust services criteria. M365 is responsible for its service commitments and system requirements and 
for designing, implementing, and operating effective controls within the system to provide reasonable assurance 
that M365’s service commitments and system requirements are achieved. 
Service commitments to customers are documented and communicated in Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and 
other customer agreements such as the Microsoft Product Terms (formerly called Online Service Terms), Data 
Protection Addendum (DPA), Microsoft Privacy Statement, and Microsoft Trust Center, as well as in the 
description of the service offering provided online. Service commitments include, but are not limited to, the 
following: 
• 
Security: M365 has made commitments related to securing customer data and complying with relevant 
laws and regulations. These commitments are addressed through measures including data encryption, 
authentication mechanisms, physical security and other relevant security controls. 
• 
Availability: M365 has made commitments related to percentage uptime and connectivity as well as 
commitments related to service credits for instances of downtime. 
• 
Processing Integrity: M365 has made commitments related to processing customer actions completely, 
accurately and timely. These customer actions include, for example, specifying geographic regions for the 
storage and processing of customer data. 
• 
Confidentiality: M365 has made commitments related to maintaining the confidentiality of customers’ 
data through data classification policies, data encryption, and other relevant security controls.  
Microsoft has established operational requirements that support the achievement of service commitments, 
relevant laws and regulations, and other system requirements. Such requirements include the following: 
• 
Information security policies define an organization-wide approach to how systems and data are protected. 
These include policies around how the service is designed and developed, how the system is operated, how 
the internal business systems and networks are managed, and how employees are hired and trained.  
• 
In addition to these policies, standard operating procedures are documented on how to carry out specific 
manual and automated processes required in the operation and development of various M365 services 
and offerings. 
• 
Procedures are in place so that the access, collection, use, and deletion of customer data is in accordance 
with the service commitments. 
• 
Policies and instructions for controlling and monitoring third parties (e.g. service providers or suppliers) 
whose services contribute to the provision of the cloud service are documented and communicated. 
• 
M365 services are designed to maintain high availability through redundancy and replication. 
• 
Critical systems are monitored through third-party and internal tools to maintain availability. 
• 
Access to physical and logical assets is limited to authorized users and is provisioned based on job 
requirements to mitigate risk of unauthorized access. 
• 
Incidents impacting internal and customer systems are detected, escalated, and resolved. 
• 
Development of new features and major changes to M365 services are performed in accordance with 
policies and procedures. 
• 
Once Microsoft becomes aware of a breach of security that would impact customers, professional 
services, or personal data, Microsoft will (1) notify impacted customers of the security incident, (2) 


--- Page 37 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 33 
investigate the security incident and provide the details to the impacted customer, and (3) take 
reasonable steps to mitigate the incident. 
Such requirements are communicated in M365’s system policies and procedures, system design documentation, 
and contracts with customers. Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements are designed based on 
the trust services criteria relevant to security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality, and other 
frameworks. 


--- Page 38 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 34 
Complementary User Entity Controls (CUECs) 
M365 transaction processing and the controls over that processing were designed with the assumption that 
certain controls are in operation within the user entity organizations. This section describes those controls that 
should be in operation at user entity organizations to complement the controls of M365. The following list 
contains controls that M365 assumes their user entities have implemented. User organization auditors should 
determine whether the user entities have established sufficient controls in these areas: 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 Control Criteria 
CUEC-01: User entities properly authorize users who are 
granted access to the resources and monitor continued 
appropriateness of access. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, CC6.6 
CUEC-02: User entities establish proper controls over the 
use of system IDs and passwords. 
 
CC6.6, CC6.7 
CUEC-03: User entities are responsible for managing their 
users’ password authentication mechanism. 
CC6.6 
 
CUEC-04: User entities enforce desired level of encryption 
for network sessions. 
CC6.1, CC6.6, CC6.7, C1.1 
CUEC-05: User entities manage anonymous access to SPO 
sessions. 
CC6.1 
CUEC-06: User entities secure the software and hardware 
used to access M365. 
CC6.1, CC6.3, CC6.6, CC6.7, CC6.8, CC7.1, A1.2 
CUEC-07: User entities conduct end-user training. 
CC7.2, CC9.2 
CUEC-08: User entities are responsible for reporting any 
identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 
CC3.2, CC7.2, CC7.3, CC7.4, CC7.5, CC9.2, PI1.1 
CUEC-09: User entities are responsible for enabling and 
maintaining email restoration for EXO. 
CC9.1, A1.2, A1.3 
CUEC-10: User entities are responsible for understanding 
and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 
CC2.3, CC6.5, CC6.7, CC7.5, PI1.1, PI1.5 
CUEC-11: User entities are responsible for managing their 
data inputs and data uploads to M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 
PI1.2 
CUEC-12: User entities are responsible for managing their 
data processing within M365 for completeness, accuracy, 
and timeliness. 
PI1.1, PI1.2, PI1.3 
CUEC-13: User entities are responsible for managing their 
stored data for completeness and accuracy. 
PI1.5 
CUEC-14: User entities are responsible for managing their 
data output from M365 for completeness, accuracy, and 
timeliness. 
PI1.4 
CUEC-15: When employing Customer Lockbox, user 
entities are responsible for reviewing Microsoft requests 
to customer content and approving appropriate requests 
in a timely manner. 
CC6.1 
CUEC-16: User entities subscribing to the Service 
Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
CC6.7, C1.1 


--- Page 39 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 35 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 Control Criteria 
owned keys are responsible for importing or generating 
their own encryption keys. 
CUEC-17: User entities subscribing to the Service 
Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for restricting access to the 
Azure Key Vault subscription. 
CC6.7, C1.1 
CUEC-18: User entities subscribing to the Service 
Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for rotating customer-
managed keys per their compliance policies. 
CC6.7, C1.1 
 
 
 


--- Page 40 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 36 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls (CSOCs) 
Microsoft’s controls related to the M365 system detailed in this report cover only a portion of overall internal 
control for each user entity of M365. It is not feasible for the control criteria related to M365 to be achieved 
solely by the Service Organization. The software in scope for this report has varying dependencies on Azure 
services that are covered in a separate assurance report. The responsibility of this subservice organization is 
considered in the execution and evaluation of the controls. Therefore, in conjunction with the Service 
Organization’s controls, a user entity must take into account the related complementary subservice organization 
controls expected to be implemented at the subservice organizations. The CSOCs associated with the subservice 
organizations are summarized in the table below. Refer to the Section 4 control mapping for more on the specific 
CSOCs associated with the criteria.  
Type of 
Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization 
Name 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 Control Criteria 
Platform as a 
Service (PaaS) / 
Infrastructure as 
a Service (IaaS) 
Microsoft Azure, 
including Microsoft 
Datacenters 
Microsoft Azure is responsible for 
maintaining controls over access 
management (including 
authentication), change management, 
operational controls, and data 
protection to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
Additionally, for services using Azure, 
Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over: 
• Secure transmission, handling, and 
storage of data (including 
encryption, redundancy, 
replication, and recovery). 
• Security and incident 
management, including incident 
identification and remediation, 
server vulnerability scanning, and 
patch management for M365 
services hosted on the Azure 
platform. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, CC6.5, CC6.6, 
CC6.7, CC7.1, CC7.2, CC7.3, CC7.4, 
CC7.5, CC9.1, A1.2, A1.3, PI1.5, C1.1  
Infrastructure as 
a Service (IaaS) 
Microsoft Azure, 
including Microsoft 
Datacenters 
Microsoft Datacenters is responsible 
for maintaining controls over physical 
access to the facilities supporting 
M365, including datacenters. 
Additionally, Microsoft Datacenters is 
responsible for maintaining controls 
over: 
• Protection of the network 
environment, including perimeter 
firewalls, restricting access to 
network devices and monitoring 
network devices for compliance 
with security standards. 
• Physical access to the facilities, 
including data centers, supporting 
M365. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, CC6.4, CC6.5, 
CC6.6, CC6.7, CC6.8, CC7.1, CC7.2, 
CC7.3, CC7.4, CC7.5, CC9.1, A1.2, 
A1.3, PI1.5, C1.1  


--- Page 41 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 37 
Type of 
Services 
Provided 
Subservice 
Organization 
Name 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 Control Criteria 
• environmental threats (including 
natural disasters and man-made 
threats).  
• physical data storage, protection, 
and disposal services supporting 
M365. 


--- Page 42 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 38 
 
Section 4:  
Management of Microsoft’s Description 
of Its Relevant Criteria and Related 
Controls, and Independent Service 
Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls 
and Results 


--- Page 43 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 39 
Section 4: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its 
Relevant Criteria and Related Controls, and Independent 
Service Auditor’s Description of Tests of Controls and 
Results 
Description of Testing Procedures Performed 
Deloitte & Touche LLP performed a variety of tests relating to the controls listed in this section throughout the 
period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. Our tests of controls were performed on controls as 
they existed during the period of October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025, and were applied to those 
controls specified by Microsoft. 
In determining the nature, timing, and extent of tests, we considered (a) the nature and frequency of the controls 
being tested, (b) the types of available evidential matter, (c) the assessed level of control risk, (d) the expected 
effectiveness of the test, and (e) our understanding of the control environment. 
In addition to the tests listed below, we ascertained through multiple inquiries with management and the control 
owner that each control activity listed below operated as described throughout the period. Tests performed are 
described below: 
Test 
Description 
Corroborative Inquiry 
Conducted detailed interviews with relevant personnel to obtain evidence 
that the control was in operation during the report period and is 
accompanied by other procedures noted below that are necessary to 
corroborate the information derived from the inquiry. 
Observation 
Observed the performance of the control during the report period to 
evidence application of the specific control activity. 
Examination of 
Documentation / Inspection 
If the performance of the control is documented, inspected documents and 
reports indicating performance of the control. 
Reperformance of Monitoring 
Activities or Manual Controls 
Obtained documents used in the monitoring activity or manual control 
activity, independently reperformed the procedures, and compared any 
discrepancies identified with those identified by the responsible control 
owner.  
Reperformance of 
Programmed Processing 
Input test data, manually calculated expected results, and compared actual 
results of processing to expectations. 
 
 


--- Page 44 ---
 
System and Organization Controls Report for Microsoft Corporation – Microsoft 365 - Page 40 
Testing of Tools Supporting Control Activities 
For the tools used in the performance of control activities in Section 4, we performed procedures to address the 
risks associated with their use. While these procedures were not specifically included in the test procedures listed 
in Section 4, they were completed as part of the testing to support our conclusions. 
Reliability of Information Produced by the Service Organization 
We performed procedures to evaluate whether the information provided by the service organization, which 
includes (a) information in response to ad hoc requests from the service auditor (e.g., population lists), and (b) 
information used in the execution of a control (e.g., exception reports or transaction reconciliations), was 
sufficiently reliable for our purposes by obtaining evidence about the accuracy and completeness of such 
information and evaluating whether the information was sufficiently precise and detailed for our purposes.  
Our procedures to evaluate whether this information was sufficiently reliable included procedures to address (a) 
the accuracy and completeness of source data, and (b) the creation and modification of applicable report logic 
and parameters. While these procedures were not specifically called out in the test procedures listed in this 
section, they were completed as a component of our testing to support the evaluation of whether or not the 
information is sufficiently precise and detailed for purposes of fully testing the controls identified by the Service 
Organization. 
Reporting on Results of Testing 
The concept of materiality is not applied when reporting the results of control tests because Deloitte & Touche 
LLP does not have the ability to determine whether an exception will be relevant to a particular user entity. 
Consequently, Deloitte & Touche LLP reports all exceptions. 
Description of Control Activities 
The information regarding the tests of operating effectiveness is explained below in two parts: 
• 
Part A: Contains the Trust Services Criteria, and the related M365 control activities that cover those 
criteria. 
• 
Part B: Contains the details of the test procedures performed to test the operating effectiveness of the 
M365 control activities and the results of the testing. 
The Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, and Confidentiality Trust Services Criteria and M365 Control 
Activities in Part A and Part B are provided by Microsoft. 
Note: In Part B, there are certain gaps in control activity numbering as a result of updates to the control 
environment and supporting policies and procedures. Thus, the following control numbers are intentionally 
omitted: CA-06, CA-28, CA-39, CA-40, CA-41, CA-42, CA-48, CA-52, ELC-05, ELC-10, ELC-13, and ELC-14. 
 


--- Page 45 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 41 
Part A: Trust Services Criteria and M365 Control Activities provided by Microsoft  
Criteria Common to All Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, and Confidentiality Principles 
CC1.0 – Common Criteria Related to the Control Environment 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.1 – COSO Principle 1: The entity 
demonstrates a commitment to integrity 
and ethical values. 
CA-04 – Employees hold periodic “connects” with their managers to validate they are on the expected Career 
Path and facilitate greater collaboration. They also review their performance against their documented 
deliverables (priorities) and discuss the results with their managers. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides 
an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who 
do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, 
and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-01 – Microsoft’s values are accessible to employees via the Values SharePoint site and are updated as 
necessary by management. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and 
non-employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure 
provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage, including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, 
and policies regarding information security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return 
Microsoft assets upon termination. 


--- Page 46 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 42 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.2 – COSO Principle 2: The board of 
directors demonstrates independence 
from management and exercises 
oversight of the development and 
performance of internal control. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, 
and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-03 – The Audit Committee (AC) reviews its Charter and Responsibilities as listed in its calendar on an 
annual basis. The AC Responsibilities include meeting with the external and internal auditors on a quarterly 
basis; providing oversight on the development and performance of controls; and completing an annual self-
evaluation. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
CC1.3 – COSO Principle 3: Management 
establishes, with board oversight, 
structures, reporting lines, and 
appropriate authorities and 
responsibilities in the pursuit of 
objectives. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 
environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and 
service availability. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 


--- Page 47 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 43 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.4 – COSO Principle 4: The entity 
demonstrates a commitment to attract, 
develop, and retain competent 
individuals in alignment with objectives. 
CA-04 – Employees hold periodic “connects” with their managers to validate they are on the expected 
Career Path and facilitate greater collaboration. They also review their performance against their 
documented deliverables (priorities) and discuss the results with their managers. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team 
provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. 
Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform 
a background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are 
granted access to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-01 – Microsoft’s values are accessible to employees via the Values SharePoint site and are updated as 
necessary by management. 
ELC-06 – The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing plans for executive 
officer development and corporate succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 


--- Page 48 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 44 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.5 – COSO Principle 5: The entity 
holds individuals accountable for their 
internal control responsibilities in the 
pursuit of objectives. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 
environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and 
service availability. 
CA-04 – Employees hold periodic “connects” with their managers to validate they are on the expected 
Career Path and facilitate greater collaboration. They also review their performance against their 
documented deliverables (priorities) and discuss the results with their managers. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team 
provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. 
Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and 
non-employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure 
provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage, including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, 
and policies regarding information security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return 
Microsoft assets upon termination. 


--- Page 49 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 45 
CC2.0 – Common Criteria Related to Communication and Information 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.1 – COSO Principle 13: The entity 
obtains or generates and uses relevant, 
quality information to support the 
functioning of internal control. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its 
commitments and requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service 
offerings of M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment 
process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and 
risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior 
management. 


--- Page 50 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 46 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.2 – COSO Principle 14: The entity 
internally communicates information, 
including objectives and responsibilities 
for internal control, necessary to support 
the functioning of internal control. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team 
provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. 
Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in 
the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-16 – Customers can report issues and potential incidents by creating a service request through the admin 
portal, which includes the option for telephone support. Service request status and activity can be viewed 
through the Admin Center. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 


--- Page 51 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 47 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.2 – COSO Principle 14 (continued): 
The entity internally communicates 
information, including objectives and 
responsibilities for internal control, 
necessary to support the functioning of 
internal control. 
C5-CA-01 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the 
M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-03 - Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and 
data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
- Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based 
on risk. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-09 - Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and key 
management within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and 
non-employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure 
provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage, including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, 
and policies regarding information security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return 
Microsoft assets upon termination. 


--- Page 52 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 48 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.3 – COSO Principle 15: The entity 
communicates with external parties 
regarding matters affecting the 
functioning of internal control. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team 
provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. 
Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-10 – M365 provides customers and external users self-service with compliance reporting related to 
M365's services and systems within the Service Trust Portal website. In addition to compliance reporting, the 
Service Trust Portal details the customer's and external user's responsibilities for service and system 
operation. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in 
the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-14 – Changes and updates to the M365 environment are communicated through the Admin Message 
Center part of the M365 Admin Center. 
CA-15 – Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer through 
the Service Health Center. 
CA-16 – Customers can report issues and potential incidents by creating a service request through the admin 
portal, which includes the option for telephone support. Service request status and activity can be viewed 
through the Admin Center. 


--- Page 53 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 49 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.3 – COSO Principle 15 (continued): 
The entity communicates with external 
parties regarding matters affecting the 
functioning of internal control. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation 
reports when available. 
CA-59 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests are displayed in the tenant M365 Admin Center. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and 
non-employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure 
provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage, including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, 
and policies regarding information security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return 
Microsoft assets upon termination. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
 
 


--- Page 54 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 50 
CC3.0 – Common Criteria Related to Risk Assessment  
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.1 – COSO Principle 6: The entity 
specifies objectives with sufficient clarity 
to enable the identification and 
assessment of risks relating to objectives. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 
environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and 
service availability. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its 
commitments and requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-09 – M365 system information regarding the design and operation of its services is available to users 
online through Microsoft web portals. Guidelines and recommendations for the secure use of the cloud 
services, as applicable, are communicated to customers. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and reviews 
results with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS 
control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and 
tracking necessary corrective actions. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The results 
of the review process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and reviewed at least 
annually by relevant risk owners. 


--- Page 55 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 51 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.1 – COSO Principle 6 (continued): 
The entity specifies objectives with 
sufficient clarity to enable the 
identification and assessment of risks 
relating to objectives. 
C5-CA-21 – Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the services 
that will be provided and data handled. A list of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are 
reviewed at least annually. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment 
process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and 
risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior 
management. 
ELC-12 – Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s supplier 
code of conduct. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified 
and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, 
External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing 
relevant agreements. 
CC3.2 – COSO Principle 7: The entity 
identifies risks to the achievement of its 
objectives across the entity and analyzes 
risks as a basis for determining how the 
risks should be managed. 
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its 
commitments and requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security 
incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks  


--- Page 56 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 52 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.2 – COSO Principle 7 (continued): 
The entity identifies risks to the 
achievement of its objectives across the 
entity and analyzes risks as a basis for 
determining how the risks should be 
managed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
CA-27 – There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and reported 
to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation 
reports when available. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and reviews 
results with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS 
control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and 
tracking necessary corrective actions. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The results 
of the review process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and reviewed at least 
annually by relevant risk owners. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment 
process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and 
risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior 
management. 


--- Page 57 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 53 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.2 – COSO Principle 7 (continued): 
The entity identifies risks to the 
achievement of its objectives across the 
entity and analyzes risks as a basis for 
determining how the risks should be 
managed. 
ELC-09 – Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is ready to 
mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that enables the 
business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter provides a 
strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is governed through the 
Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent long-term vision and 
mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, and metrics.  
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 


--- Page 58 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 54 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.3 – COSO Principle 8: The entity 
considers the potential for fraud in 
assessing risks to the achievement of 
objectives. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation 
reports when available. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment 
process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and 
risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior 
management. 


--- Page 59 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 55 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.4 – COSO Principle 9: The entity 
identifies and assesses changes that 
could significantly impact the system of 
internal control. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation 
reports when available. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-06 – The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing plans for executive 
officer development and corporate succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment 
process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and 
risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior 
management. 
 
 


--- Page 60 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 56 
CC4.0 – Common Criteria Related to Monitoring Activities 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC4.1 – COSO Principle 16: The entity 
selects, develops, and performs ongoing 
and / or separate evaluations to 
ascertain whether the components of 
internal control are present and 
functioning. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service 
offerings of M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment 
process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and 
risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior 
management. 
ELC-11 – Audit activities are planned and agreed upon in advance by stakeholders and any access required to 
perform the audits requires approval. Audit findings are addressed relative to their criticality. 


--- Page 61 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 57 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC4.2 – COSO Principle 17: The entity 
evaluates and communicates internal 
control deficiencies in a timely manner 
to those parties responsible for taking 
corrective action, including senior 
management and the board of directors, 
as appropriate.  
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service 
offerings of M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-15 – Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer through 
the Service Health Center. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-11 – Audit activities are planned and agreed upon in advance by stakeholders and any access required to 
perform the audits requires approval. Audit findings are addressed relative to their criticality. 


--- Page 62 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 58 
CC5.0 – Common Criteria Related to Control Activities 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.1 – COSO Principle 10: The entity 
selects and develops control activities 
that contribute to the mitigation of risks 
to the achievement of objectives to 
acceptable levels. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information 
resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 


--- Page 63 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 59 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.1 – COSO Principle 10 (continued): 
The entity selects and develops control 
activities that contribute to the 
mitigation of risks to the achievement of 
objectives to acceptable levels. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment proces  
to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that 
exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified 
and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated 
responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, External, and Legal 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 


--- Page 64 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 60 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.2 – COSO Principle 11: The entity 
also selects and develops general control 
activities over technology to support the 
achievement of objectives. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment 
process to identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and 
risks that exceed acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior 
management. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified 
and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated 
responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, External, and Legal 
Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 


--- Page 65 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 61 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.3 – COSO Principle 12: The entity 
deploys control activities through 
policies that establish what is expected 
and in procedures that put policies into 
action. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides 
an annual Standards of Business Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who 
do not complete the training on time are tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, 
the M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, 
industry, or technology changes. 


--- Page 66 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 62 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.3 – COSO Principle 12 (continued): 
The entity deploys control activities 
through policies that establish what is 
expected and in procedures that put 
policies into action. 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the 
M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and 
data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based 
on risk. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-09 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and key 
management within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and 
storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The 
policies define that metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, 
investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope and frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 


--- Page 67 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 63 
CC6.0 – Common Criteria Related to Logical and Physical Access Controls 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.1 – The entity implements logical 
access security software, infrastructure, 
and architectures over protected 
information assets to protect them from 
security events to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
 
 
 
 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform a 
background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are 
granted access to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-32 – Access to shared accounts within the M365 environment are restricted to authorized personnel. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information 
resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-34 – Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates policy on 
periodic change and password complexity. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration 
settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings is 
manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-36 – Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator access to the 
production environment. 
CA-37 – Each M365 Online Service customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' 
content. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
CA-56 – Customer tenant administrators are automatically notified when a Customer Lockbox elevation 
request is initiated to access their content. The tenant administrator must authorize the access elevation 
request prior to access being granted to the content. 
CA-57 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests require management approval prior to submission to the tenant 
administrator. 


--- Page 68 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 64 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.1 (continued) – The entity 
implements logical access security 
software, infrastructure, and 
architectures over protected information 
assets to protect them from security 
events to meet the entity’s objectives. 
CA-58 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests to customer content require an associated service request. 
CA-59 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests are displayed in the tenant M365 Admin Center. 
CA-60 – Microsoft Operator access is logged when using Customer Lockbox. Logs can be found in the Audit 
log search. 
CA-61 – Microsoft management reviews both Customer Lockbox and capacity server elevation logs and 
investigates any anomalies. All elevations statistics are aggregated, reviewed, and reported to management 
annually. 
CA-64 – Only keys noted in the tenant’s Data Encryption Policy can be used to access the data maintained in 
that tenant’s service encryption. 
CA-65 – For EXO and SPO, customer content resides in a specific geographic location. 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the 
M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and 
data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between 
Azure and M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 


--- Page 69 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 65 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.1 (continued) – The entity 
implements logical access security 
software, infrastructure, and 
architectures over protected information 
assets to protect them from security 
events to meet the entity’s objectives. 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures 
are established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on 
role. 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic from 
management traffic. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the Microsoft 365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-15 – The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to select 
personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
C5-CA-19 – Microsoft 365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 


--- Page 70 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 66 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.1 (continued) – The entity 
implements logical access security 
software, infrastructure, and 
architectures over protected information 
assets to protect them from security 
events to meet the entity’s objectives. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-05 – User entities manage anonymous access to SPO sessions. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
CUEC-15 – When employing Customer Lockbox, user entities are responsible for reviewing Microsoft 
requests to customer content and approving appropriate requests in a timely manner. 


--- Page 71 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 67 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.2 – Prior to issuing system 
credentials and granting system access, 
the entity registers and authorizes new 
internal and external users whose access 
is administered by the entity. For those 
users whose access is administered by 
the entity, user system credentials are 
removed when user access is no longer 
authorized. 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform 
a background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are 
granted access to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information 
resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration 
settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings 
is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-43 – When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are revoked in a 
timely manner.  
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and 
data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures 
are established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on 
role. 


--- Page 72 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 68 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.2 (continued) – Prior to issuing 
system credentials and granting system 
access, the entity registers and 
authorizes new internal and external 
users whose access is administered by 
the entity. For those users whose access 
is administered by the entity, user 
system credentials are removed when 
user access is no longer authorized. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being connected to the production environment. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 


--- Page 73 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 69 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.3 – The entity authorizes, modifies, 
or removes access to data, software, 
functions, and other protected 
information assets based on roles, 
responsibilities, or the system design and 
changes, giving consideration to the 
concepts of least privilege and 
segregation of duties, to meet the 
entity’s objectives. 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform 
a background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are 
granted access to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information 
resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration 
settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings 
is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-43 – When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are revoked in a 
timely manner.  
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and 
data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between 
Azure and M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures 
are established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on 
role. 


--- Page 74 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 70 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.3 (continued) – The entity 
authorizes, modifies, or removes access 
to data, software, functions, and other 
protected information assets based on 
roles, responsibilities, or the system 
design and changes, giving consideration 
to the concepts of least privilege and 
segregation of duties, to meet the 
entity’s objectives. 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic from 
management traffic. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the Microsoft 365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – Microsoft 365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 


--- Page 75 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 71 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.4 – The entity restricts physical 
access to facilities and protected 
information assets (for example, data 
center facilities, back-up media storage, 
and other sensitive locations) to 
authorized personnel to meet the 
entity’s objectives. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. 
Additionally, Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address 
environmental threats including natural disasters and man-made threats. 
CSOC-07 - Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
CC6.5 – The entity discontinues logical 
and physical protections over physical 
assets only after the ability to read or 
recover data and software from those 
assets has been diminished and is no 
longer required to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-07 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 


--- Page 76 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 72 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.6 – The entity implements logical 
access security measures to protect 
against threats from sources outside its 
system boundaries. 
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service 
offerings of M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-32 – Access to shared accounts within the M365 environment are restricted to authorized personnel. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information 
resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-34 – Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates policy on 
periodic change and password complexity. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration 
settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings 
is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-36 – Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator access to 
the production environment. 
CA-56 – Customer tenant administrators are automatically notified when a Customer Lockbox elevation 
request is initiated to access their content. The tenant administrator must authorize the access elevation 
request prior to access being granted to the content. 
CA-57 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests require management approval prior to submission to the 
tenant administrator. 
CA-58 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests to customer content require an associated service request. 
CA-59 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests are displayed in the tenant M365 Admin Center. 
CA-60 – Microsoft Operator access is logged when using Customer Lockbox. Logs can be found in the Audit 
log search. 


--- Page 77 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 73 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.6 (continued) – The entity 
implements logical access security 
measures to protect against threats from 
sources outside its system boundaries. 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and 
data access for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the 
following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
- Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security 
practices prior to being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging 
data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for 
further evaluation as needed. 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data allows an unambiguous identification of user accesses to support further analysis 
in the event of a security incident. 


--- Page 78 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 74 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.6 (continued) – The entity 
implements logical access security 
measures to protect against threats from 
sources outside its system boundaries. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor 
continued appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-02 – User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-03 – User entities are responsible for managing their users’ password authentication mechanism. 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
CC6.7 – The entity restricts the 
transmission, movement, and removal of 
information to authorized internal and 
external users and processes, and 
protects it during transmission, 
movement, or removal to meet the 
entity’s objectives.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-36 – Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator access to 
the production environment. 
CA-37 – Each M365 Online Service customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' 
content. 
CA-44 – Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data center and 
between data centers. 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines infected 
systems. Antimalware signatures are updated as available. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
CA-54 – Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 


--- Page 79 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 75 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.7 (continued) – The entity restricts 
the transmission, movement, and 
removal of information to authorized 
internal and external users and 
processes, and protects it during 
transmission, movement, or removal to 
meet the entity’s objectives.  
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
CA-62 – Customer mailboxes are encrypted per customer’s defined encryption policies using keys generated 
and maintained by the customer. 
CA-63 – When a customer requests a key deletion using the Exchange Customer Key service, the data is no 
longer accessible by Microsoft or the end user. 
CA-64 – Only keys noted in the tenant’s Data Encryption Policy can be used to access the data maintained in 
that tenant’s service encryption. 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between 
Azure and M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic from 
management traffic. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based 
on risk. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and 
stored via the M365 Administrator Tool. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the Microsoft 365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – Microsoft 365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the 
platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 


--- Page 80 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 76 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CC6.7 (continued) – The entity restricts 
the transmission, movement, and 
removal of information to authorized 
internal and external users and 
processes, and protects it during 
transmission, movement, or removal to 
meet the entity’s objectives. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-02 – User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
CUEC-16 – User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for importing or generating their own encryption keys. 
CUEC-17 – User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for restricting access to the Azure Key Vault subscription. 
CUEC-18 – User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for rotating customer managed keys per their compliance policies. 


--- Page 81 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 77 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.8 – The entity implements controls 
to prevent or detect and act upon the 
introduction of unauthorized or 
malicious software to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 – There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and reported 
to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-38 – Physical production servers go through a quality assurance review prior to installation in the 
production environment to confirm the server is configured in compliance with baseline security and 
operational settings according to the server’s intended use. 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines infected 
systems. Antimalware signatures are updated as available. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging 
data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for 
further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
 
 


--- Page 82 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 78 
CC7.0 – Common Criteria Related to Systems Operations 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.1 – To meet its objectives, the entity 
uses detection and monitoring 
procedures to identify (1) changes to 
configurations that result in the 
introduction of new vulnerabilities, and 
(2) susceptibilities to newly discovered 
vulnerabilities. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 
environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and 
service availability. 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and stakeholders 
review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-27 – There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and reported 
to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-30 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-38 – Physical production servers go through a quality assurance review prior to installation in the 
production environment to confirm the server is configured in compliance with baseline security and 
operational settings according to the server’s intended use. 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines infected 
systems. Antimalware signatures are updated as available. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 


--- Page 83 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 79 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.1 (continued) – To meet its 
objectives, the entity uses detection and 
monitoring procedures to identify (1) 
changes to configurations that result in 
the introduction of new vulnerabilities, 
and (2) susceptibilities to newly 
discovered vulnerabilities. 
C5-CA-15 – The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to select 
personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging 
data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for 
further evaluation as needed. 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data allows an unambiguous identification of user accesses to support further analysis 
in the event of a security incident. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server 
vulnerability scanning, and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 


--- Page 84 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 80 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.2 – The entity monitors system 
components and the operation of those 
components for anomalies that are 
indicative of malicious acts, natural 
disasters, and errors affecting the 
entity’s ability to meet its objectives; 
anomalies are analyzed to determine 
whether they represent security events. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 – There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and reported 
to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-30 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-38 – Physical production servers go through a quality assurance review prior to installation in the 
production environment to confirm the server is configured in compliance with baseline security and 
operational settings according to the server’s intended use. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation 
reports when available. 


--- Page 85 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 81 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.2 (continued) – The entity monitors 
system components and the operation of 
those components for anomalies that are 
indicative of malicious acts, natural 
disasters, and errors affecting the 
entity’s ability to meet its objectives; 
anomalies are analyzed to determine 
whether they represent security events. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging 
data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for 
further evaluation as needed. 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data allows an unambiguous identification of user accesses to support further analysis 
in the event of a security incident. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server 
vulnerability scanning, and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-07 – User entities conduct end-user training. 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 


--- Page 86 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 82 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.3 – The entity evaluates security 
events to determine whether they could 
or have resulted in a failure of the entity 
to meet its objectives (security incidents) 
and, if so, takes actions to prevent or 
address such failures. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security 
incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for 
each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 – There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and reported 
to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-38 – Physical production servers go through a quality assurance review prior to installation in the 
production environment to confirm the server is configured in compliance with baseline security and 
operational settings according to the server’s intended use. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-08 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including configuration management, 
incident management, and vulnerability scanning and remediation. 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server 
vulnerability scanning, and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 


--- Page 87 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 83 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.3 (continued) – The entity evaluates 
security events to determine whether 
they could or have resulted in a failure of 
the entity to meet its objectives (security 
incidents) and, if so, takes actions to 
prevent or address such failures. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 
CC7.4 – The entity responds to identified 
security incidents by executing a defined 
incident response program to 
understand, contain, remediate, and 
communicate security incidents, as 
appropriate. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 
environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and 
service availability. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security 
incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 


--- Page 88 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 84 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.4 (continued) – The entity responds 
to identified security incidents by 
executing a defined incident response 
program to understand, contain, 
remediate, and communicate security 
incidents, as appropriate. 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and stakeholders 
review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server 
vulnerability scanning, and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 


--- Page 89 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 85 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.5 – The entity identifies, develops, 
and implements activities to recover 
from identified security incidents. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 
environment. Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and 
service availability. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security 
incidents. These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include 
data), risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-27 – There is a continual process for host vulnerability scanning, reporting and management review. 
Individual or centralized services apply patches and remediate vulnerabilities, which is verified and reported 
to management through a centralized process. Responses are tracked from compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely resolution of incidents of non-compliance. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
ELC-09 – Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is ready to 
mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that enables the 
business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter provides a 
strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is governed through the 
Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent long-term vision and 
mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, and metrics. 


--- Page 90 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 86 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.5 (continued) – The entity identifies, 
develops, and implements activities to 
recover from identified security 
incidents. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server 
vulnerability scanning, and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
 
 


--- Page 91 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 87 
CC8.0 – Common Criteria Related to Change Management 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC8.1 – The entity authorizes, designs, 
develops or acquires, configures, 
documents, tests, approves, and 
implements changes to infrastructure, 
data, software, and procedures to meet 
its objectives.  
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its 
commitments and requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-14 – Changes and updates to the M365 environment are communicated through the Admin Message 
Center part of the M365 Admin Center. 
CA-18 – Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and are 
approved prior to implementation into production. 
CA-19 – For teams utilizing the Developer / Operations model, monitoring processes or system 
configurations are in place to identify and remediate unapproved changes to production. 
CA-20 – Emergency changes to the production environment follow an emergency change approval process. 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and stakeholders 
review and approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production 
environment per defined criteria, including a code review. 
C5-CA-02 – In case of errors or security concerns, changes are rolled back to their previous state or rolled 
forward to a corrected state. 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures 
are established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on 
role. 
C5-CA-15 – The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to select 
personnel. Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 


--- Page 92 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 88 
CC9.0 – Common Criteria Related to Risk Mitigation 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC9.1 – The entity identifies, selects, and 
develops risk mitigation activities for 
risks arising from potential business 
disruptions. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk 
assessment. The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is 
established for each risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with 
ownership assigned out to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) reviews and 
reviews results with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the 
ISMS control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by 
planning and tracking necessary corrective actions. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The 
results of the review process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and 
reviewed at least annually by relevant risk owners. 


--- Page 93 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 89 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC9.1 (continued) – The entity identifies, 
selects, and develops risk mitigation 
activities for risks arising from potential 
business disruptions. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging 
data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel 
for further evaluation as needed. 
C5-CA-22 – Procedures are established and documented to evaluate government investigative demands 
for customer data. Procedures address a review and assessment by the Microsoft legal department, which 
will evaluate the legal basis for the request to determine what response is required, notify the impacted 
customer where permitted by law, where Microsoft is required to produce customer data, work with 
engineering to collect and produce the minimum data responsive to the request as required by law. 
Procedures are reviewed at least annually. 
ELC-09 – Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is ready 
to mitigate risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that enables the 
business to continue to operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter provides a 
strategic direction and leadership to all Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is governed through 
the Program Management Office to ensure that the program adheres to a coherent long-term vision and 
mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, methods, policies, and metrics.  
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-03 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for 
maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. 
Additionally, Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address 
environmental threats including natural disasters and man-made threats. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-09 – User entities are responsible for enabling and maintaining email restoration for EXO. 


--- Page 94 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 90 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC9.2 – The entity assesses and manages 
risks associated with vendors and 
business partners. 
 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. 
The purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks 
based on impact, likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each 
risk and its mitigation strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out 
to individual teams and their management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are 
tracked and reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with 
corrective actions, which are tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation 
reports when available. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) reviews and reviews 
results with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS 
control environment by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and 
tracking necessary corrective actions. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The results o  
the review process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and reviewed at least 
annually by relevant risk owners. 
C5-CA-21 – Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the services tha  
will be provided and data handled. A list of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are 
reviewed at least annually. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure 
provisions and asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s 
Employee Handbook, which describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information 
and information system usage, including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, 
and policies regarding information security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return 
Microsoft assets upon termination. 


--- Page 95 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 91 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC9.2 (continued) – The entity assesses 
and manages risks associated with 
vendors and business partners. 
ELC-12 – Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, 
depending on the role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a 
Statement of Work. Outsourced providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s supplier 
code of conduct. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified 
and addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, 
External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing 
relevant agreements. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-07 – User entities conduct end-user training. 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 
Additional Criteria for Availability 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
A1.1 – The entity maintains, monitors, 
and evaluates current processing 
capacity and use of system components 
(infrastructure, data, and software) to 
manage capacity demand and to enable 
the implementation of additional 
capacity to help meet its objectives. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-30 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-31 – M365 management reviews capacity and availability on at least a monthly basis. Any issues with or 
changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
CA-61 – Microsoft management reviews both Customer Lockbox and capacity server elevation logs and 
investigates any anomalies. All elevations statistics are aggregated, reviewed, and reported to management 
annually. 


--- Page 96 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 92 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
A1.2 – The entity authorizes, designs, 
develops or acquires, implements, 
operates, approves, maintains, and 
monitors environmental protections, 
software, data back-up processes, and 
recovery infrastructure to meet its 
objectives.  
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 
Security team will track and address the issues to resolution. 
CA-49 – Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and / or other redundancy measures 
supporting the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and 
stored via the M365 Administrator Tool. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-03 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical access to the facilities, including datacenters, supporting M365. 
Additionally, Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address 
environmental threats including natural disasters and man-made threats. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
CUEC-09 – User entities are responsible for enabling and maintaining email restoration for EXO. 


--- Page 97 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 93 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
A1.3 – The entity tests recovery plan 
procedures supporting system recovery 
to meet its objectives.  
CA-49 – Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and / or other redundancy measures 
supporting the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing requirements (up to full datacenter failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. 
Results of the penetration tests are documented, and any critical findings are remedied. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-03 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical access to the facilities, including datacenters, supporting M365. 
Additionally, Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address 
environmental threats including natural disasters and man-made threats. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-09 – User entities are responsible for enabling and maintaining email restoration for EXO. 
 
 


--- Page 98 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 94 
Additional Criteria for Processing Integrity 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.1 – The entity obtains or generates, 
uses, and communicates relevant, quality 
information regarding the objectives 
related to processing, including 
definitions of data processed and 
product and service specifications, to 
support the use of products and services. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in 
the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-66 – Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the 
M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and 
stored via the M365 Administrator Tool. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, 
and confidentiality issues. 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
CUEC-12 – User entities are responsible for managing their data processing within M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 


--- Page 99 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 95 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.2 – The entity implements policies 
and procedures over system inputs, 
including controls over completeness 
and accuracy, to result in products, 
services, and reporting to meet the 
entity’s objectives. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in 
the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and 
storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The 
policies define that metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-11 – User entities are responsible for managing their data inputs and data uploads to M365 for 
completeness, accuracy, and timeliness. 
CUEC-12 – User entities are responsible for managing their data processing within M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 


--- Page 100 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 96 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.3 – The entity implements policies 
and procedures over system processing 
to result in products, services, and 
reporting to meet the entity’s objectives. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in 
the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-30 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-31 – M365 management reviews capacity and availability on at least a monthly basis. Any issues with or 
changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
CA-49 – Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and / or other redundancy measures 
supporting the availability of applications and customer content.  
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
CA-56 – Customer tenant administrators are automatically notified when a Customer Lockbox elevation 
request is initiated to access their content. The tenant administrator must authorize the access elevation 
request prior to access being granted to the content. 
CA-57 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests require management approval prior to submission to the 
tenant administrator. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and 
storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The 
policies define that metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-12 – User entities are responsible for managing their data processing within M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 


--- Page 101 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 97 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.4 – The entity implements policies 
and procedures to make available or 
deliver output completely, accurately, 
and timely in accordance with 
specifications to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in 
the control framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements. This information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-30 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. 
Service capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-31 – M365 management reviews capacity and availability on at least a monthly basis. Any issues with or 
changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
CA-56 – Customer tenant administrators are automatically notified when a Customer Lockbox elevation 
request is initiated to access their content. The tenant administrator must authorize the access elevation 
request prior to access being granted to the content. 
CA-59 – Customer Lockbox elevation requests are displayed in the tenant M365 Admin Center. 
C5-CA-11 – Customer data is accessible within agreed upon services in data formats compatible with 
providing those services. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and 
storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The 
policies define that metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-14 – User entities are responsible for managing their data output from M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 


--- Page 102 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 98 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.5 – The entity implements policies 
and procedures to store inputs, items in 
processing, and outputs completely, 
accurately, and timely in accordance with 
system specifications to meet the 
entity’s objectives. 
 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information 
resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration 
settings, including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings 
is manually reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
CA-60 – Microsoft Operator access is logged when using Customer Lockbox. Logs can be found in the Audit 
log search. 
CA-61 – Microsoft management reviews both Customer Lockbox and capacity server elevation logs and 
investigates any anomalies. All elevations statistics are aggregated, reviewed, and reported to management 
annually. 
CA-65 – For EXO and SPO, customer content resides in a specific geographic location. 
C5-CA-11 – Customer data is accessible within agreed upon services in data formats compatible with 
providing those services. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and 
stored via the M365 Administrator Tool. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and 
storage of metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The 
policies define that metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 


--- Page 103 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 99 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.5 (continued) – The entity 
implements policies and procedures to 
store inputs, items in processing, and 
outputs completely, accurately, and 
timely in accordance with system 
specifications to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
 
 
 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-07 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service 
contracts, including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality. 
CUEC-13 – User entities are responsible for managing their stored data for completeness and accuracy. 


--- Page 104 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 100 
Additional Criteria for Confidentiality 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
C1.1 – The entity identifies and maintains 
confidential information to meet the 
entity’s objectives related to 
confidentiality. 
CA-26 – Processes and procedures have been established to report security incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified and tracked in an incident tracking system. 
CA-43 – When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are revoked in a 
timely manner.  
CA-44 – Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data center and 
between data centers. 
CA-47 – Security events escalated to the Security team are reviewed by the Security Incident Response Team 
and action is taken in accordance with the established incident response program procedures. 
CA-54 – Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
CA-62 – Customer mailboxes are encrypted per customer’s defined encryption policies using keys generated 
and maintained by the customer. 
CA-63 – When a customer requests a key deletion using the Exchange Customer Key service, the data is no 
longer accessible by Microsoft or the end user. 
CA-64 – Only keys noted in the tenant’s Data Encryption Policy can be used to access the data maintained in 
that tenant’s service encryption. 
CA-65 – For EXO and SPO, customer content resides in a specific geographic location. 
CA-66 – Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between Azure 
and M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based 
on risk. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and 
stored via the M365 Administrator Tool. 


--- Page 105 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 101 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
C1.1 (continued) – The entity identifies 
and maintains confidential information 
to meet the entity’s objectives related to 
confidentiality. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the Microsoft 365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – Microsoft 365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors 
logging data for potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining 
controls over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting 
access to network devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-07 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-16 – User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for importing or generating their own encryption keys. 
CUEC-17 – User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for restricting access to the Azure Key Vault subscription. 
CUEC-18 – User entities subscribing to the Service Encryption with Customer Keys service who use customer-
owned keys are responsible for rotating customer managed keys per their compliance policies. 
C1.2 – The entity disposes of confidential 
information to meet the entity’s 
objectives related to confidentiality.  
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon 
commitments with the customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
CA-63 – When a customer requests a key deletion using the Exchange Customer Key service, the data is no 
longer accessible by Microsoft or the end user. 
CA-66 – Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 


--- Page 106 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 102 
Part B: Microsoft 365 Control Activities Provided by Microsoft and Test Results 
Provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-01 – An M365 security team 
has been defined and is 
responsible for Security issues 
within the M365 environment. 
Service teams have operations 
personnel who are responsible 
for system operation and 
service availability. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that a defined M365 Security team 
has been established and that the 
team’s responsibilities include 
management of security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity issues within the M365 
environment. 
• Obtained and inspected an 
organizational chart demonstrating 
the existence of a dedicated M365 
Security team.  
• Obtained and inspected job 
descriptions for members of the 
Security team to ascertain that 
responsibilities for M365 Security 
personnel are defined and include 
the management of security, system 
operation, and service availability 
issues in the M365 environment, as 
well as the design, development, 
implementation, and maintenance of 
security, availability, processing 
integrity, and confidentiality during 
SDLC (Software Development 
Lifecycle) changes. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 107 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 103 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, 
Risk, and Compliance team has 
been defined and is responsible 
for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing 
Integrity controls within the 
M365 environment. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that a defined M365 Governance, 
Risk, and Compliance team has been 
established and that the team is 
responsible for overseeing security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity controls within 
the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected an 
organizational chart demonstrating 
the existence of a dedicated M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance 
team.  
• Obtained and inspected job 
descriptions of members of GRC to 
ascertain that responsibilities for 
M365 Governance, Risk, and 
Compliance personnel are defined 
and include the management of 
M365 security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity controls. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-03 – Senior Management, as 
part of its major system release 
planning process, considers its 
commitments and 
requirements for Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that Senior Management considers 
its commitments and requirements 
related to security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity as part of its major system 
release planning process. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence of 
the annual review, including 
memorandums and planning 
meeting records, to ascertain that 
commitments and requirements for 
security, availability, confidentiality, 
and processing integrity were 
considered and approved by Senior 
Management, and these 
commitments and requirements 
were communicated to relevant 
personnel as part of the major 
system release planning process. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 108 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 104 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-04 – Employees hold 
periodic “connects” with their 
managers to validate they are 
on the expected Career Path 
and facilitate greater 
collaboration. They also review 
their performance against their 
documented deliverables 
(priorities) and discuss the 
results with their managers. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that performance reviews take place 
where employee commitments are 
evaluated by his / her manager on a 
semi-annual basis. 
• Obtained and inspected extracts 
from the Connect tool for a selection 
of employees to ascertain that they 
completed a performance evaluation 
annually. 
• Obtained and inspected extracts 
from the Connect tool to ascertain 
that a sample performance review 
includes an evaluation of employee 
performance against their assigned 
priorities. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-05 – Annually, the 
Governance, Risk, and 
Compliance team updates the 
data flow diagrams and service 
offerings of M365 with the 
individuals that act as point of 
contact for each service 
offering. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that M365 data flow diagrams and 
service offering points of contact are 
reviewed and updated on an annual 
basis. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence for 
a sample of data flow diagram 
updates to ascertain that the GRC 
team reviews the service offering 
data flow diagrams with the points 
of contact and that they update the 
data flow diagrams accordingly. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 109 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 105 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-07 – The Microsoft 
Compliance & Ethics team 
updates the Standards of 
Business Conduct (SBC) as 
necessary and the Code is made 
available internally and 
externally. The SBC reflects 
Microsoft’s continued 
commitment to ethical business 
practices and regulatory 
compliance. The Compliance & 
Ethics team provides an annual 
Standards of Business Conduct 
training course that is 
mandatory for all employees. 
Employees who do not 
complete the training on time 
are tracked and followed up 
with appropriately. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that the defined Standards of 
Business Conduct policy was 
established and communicated to 
M365 personnel through intranet 
sites and trainings. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
Standards of Business Conduct to 
ascertain that the standards include 
Microsoft’s continued commitment 
to security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity, and also, ethical business 
practices and regulatory compliance. 
• Obtained and inspected course 
completion status for a selection of 
employees to ascertain that the 
Standard of Business Conduct 
training course has been completed. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-08 – The M365 Service 
group works with Microsoft 
Human Resources and vendor 
companies to perform a 
background check on new or 
transferred personnel 
worldwide, where permitted by 
law before they are granted 
access to the M365 production 
assets containing customer 
content. 
• Inquired of management that new 
and transferred applicable 
employees and contractors are 
required to undergo a background 
check prior to being granted access 
to the environment. 
• Obtained and inspected automation 
that enforces the background check 
requirement on eligibilities that 
grant access to production assets. 
• Obtained and inspected background 
check data for a selection of 
Microsoft and vendor personnel to 
ascertain that a background check 
was performed prior to granting 
access to the production assets 
containing customer content. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 110 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 106 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-09 – M365 system 
information regarding the 
design and operation of its 
services is available to users 
online through Microsoft web 
portals. Guidelines and 
recommendations for the 
secure use of the cloud 
services, as applicable, are 
communicated to customers. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that M365 system design and 
operation information is accessible 
to employees. 
• Observed the Microsoft web portals 
to ascertain that design and 
operation information for the M365 
system is available and accessible to 
users. 
• Observed the guidelines and 
recommendations for the secure use 
of the cloud services that are made 
available to customers. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-10 – M365 provides 
customers and external users 
self-service with compliance 
reporting related to M365's 
services and systems within the 
Service Trust Portal website. In 
addition to compliance 
reporting, the Service Trust 
Portal details the customer's 
and external user's 
responsibilities for service and 
system operation. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that customers can obtain the M365 
SOC report through the Service Trust 
Portal. 
• Observed the Service Trust Portal to 
ascertain that the M365 SOC report 
and its associated Complementary 
User Entity Controls (CUECs) are 
available to customers. These CUECs 
detail the customer’s and external 
user’s responsibilities for service and 
system operation. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-11 – On an annual basis 
services are updated to reflect 
changes made to the M365 
control framework. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that the M365 control framework is 
reviewed and updated on an annual 
basis by service teams. 
• Obtained and inspected 
documentation for a sample of 
services from annual meetings to 
ascertain that service teams 
reviewed the M365 Control 
Framework with the points of 
contact and updated the framework 
accordingly. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 111 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 107 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-12 – M365 communicates 
its commitments to customers 
in SLAs. These commitments 
are reflected in the control 
framework, which defines 
regulatory, security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements. This 
information is distributed 
internally through policies, 
training, and Office Hours. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that M365 communicates its 
regulatory, security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity commitments to customers 
using SLAs, and that these 
commitments are also distributed 
internally. 
• Obtained and inspected policy and 
communication documentation to 
ascertain that SLAs defining 
regulatory, security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity commitments are 
distributed to M365 customers. 
• Obtained and inspected policy and 
communication documentation to 
ascertain that regulatory, security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity requirements 
are distributed internally through 
methods including trainings, policies, 
and Office Hours. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-13 – Incident response 
guides are used by M365 
personnel for the handling and 
reporting of security incidents. 
These guides are stored on 
internal SharePoint sites and 
are updated as needed. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that incident response guides, which 
provide guidance on management 
and reporting of security incidents, 
are accessible to M365 personnel on 
internal SharePoint sites. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 
incident response guides to ascertain 
that they are available to personnel 
on the intranet and outline 
procedures to be followed for 
handling and reporting security 
incidents. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 112 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 108 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-14 – Changes and updates 
to the M365 environment are 
communicated through the 
Admin Message Center part of 
the M365 Admin Center. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that updates and changes to the 
M365 environment are made 
available to customers using the 
M365 Admin Center. 
• Obtained and inspected 
communication for a sample 
customer to ascertain that emails 
containing M365 updates and 
change information are available on 
the M365 Admin Center.  
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-15 – Service impacting 
incidents, including security 
incidents, are communicated to 
the customer through the 
Service Health Center. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that information related to security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity issues can be 
reported and received using the 
Service Health Center within the 
M365 Admin Center. 
• Obtained and inspected 
communication documentation for a 
sample M365 customer to ascertain 
that security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity information is available on 
their Service Health Center within 
the M365 Admin Center. 
• Examined published documentation 
for M365 Service Health Center to 
ascertain that security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity information is available to 
all customers.  
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 113 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 109 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-16 – Customers can report 
issues and potential incidents 
by creating a service request 
through the admin portal, 
which includes the option for 
telephone support. Service 
request status and activity can 
be viewed through the Admin 
Center. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that customers can report security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity incidents by 
calling the Customer Support 
Services (CSS) phone number, or by 
submitting the incident through the 
Microsoft website. 
• Obtained and inspected M365 
customer service websites and 
policies to ascertain the existence of 
a website and phone number, 
through which M365 customers are 
able to report their security, 
availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity incidents. 
• Observed the M365 Admin Center 
and ascertained that there was the 
ability to submit a support request 
ticket for customer incidents or 
questions.  
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to 
Microsoft Security Policy. This 
policy defines accountability 
and responsibility for 
implementing security and 
evaluating efficacy of security 
controls. It addresses asset 
classification (to include data), 
risk assessment, access control, 
change control and acceptance, 
incident response, exceptions, 
training, and where to go for 
additional information. The 
policy is available on the 
intranet. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that the Microsoft Security Policy, 
which defines accountability for 
implementing security and 
evaluating security controls is 
available on the intranet. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
Microsoft Security Policy to ascertain 
that it is available to personnel on 
the intranet and defines 
responsibilities for implementing and 
overseeing security and related 
security controls. 
• Obtained and inspected policy 
documentation to ascertain that the 
Microsoft Security Policy is approved 
and includes standards around 
backups and vulnerability 
management. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 114 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 110 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-18 – Changes and software 
releases within the M365 
environment are documented / 
tracked and are approved prior 
to implementation into 
production. 
• Inquired of management that 
procedures have been established 
and are followed prior to deploying 
changes to the production 
environment. 
• Obtained and inspected change 
tickets and supporting 
documentation for a selection of 
changes to ascertain that deployed 
changes are documented and 
tracked within a tracking tool. 
• Obtained and inspected change 
tickets and supporting 
documentation for a selection of 
changes to ascertain that deployed 
changes were approved by 
appropriate stakeholders prior to 
release. 
• For Microsoft 365 Remote Access 
and Griffin Azure – Obtained and 
inspected change deployment 
listings. Observed no new changes 
were implemented during the 
examination period. 
Microsoft 365 Remote Access and Griffin 
Azure  
No Occurrence  
 
All Other Services  
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-19 – For teams utilizing the 
Developer / Operations model, 
monitoring processes or system 
configurations are in place to 
identify and remediate 
unapproved changes to 
production. 
• Inquired of management that for the 
teams using the Developer / 
Operations model, restrictions are in 
place to monitor or limit access to 
implement unapproved changes. 
• For the relevant services, observed 
that monitoring is in place for 
developers with access to the 
environment.  
• For the relevant services, obtained 
and inspected source code and 
change ticketing systems to 
ascertain that system configurations 
and procedures were in place to 
identify and remediate unapproved 
changes. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 115 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 111 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-20 – Emergency changes to 
the production environment 
follow an emergency change 
approval process. 
• Inquired of management that 
deployed emergency changes are 
approved by identified key 
stakeholders prior to release into 
production. 
• For the relevant services, obtained 
and inspected change tickets and 
supporting documentation for a 
selection of changes to ascertain 
that emergency changes were 
approved by identified key 
stakeholders. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out 
on all changes according to 
established procedures. Users 
and stakeholders review and 
approve results of testing prior 
to implementation. 
• Inquired of management that testing 
of changes is documented and 
required for deployment into 
production. 
• Obtained and inspected change 
tickets and supporting 
documentation for a selection of 
changes to ascertain that changes 
are tested prior to release according 
to established procedures. 
• Obtained and inspected change 
tickets and supporting 
documentation for a selection of 
changes to ascertain that testing was 
reviewed and approved prior to 
release according to established 
procedures. 
• For Microsoft 365 Remote Access 
and Griffin Azure – Obtained and 
inspected change deployment 
listings. Observed no new changes 
were implemented during the 
examination period. 
Microsoft 365 Remote Access and Griffin 
Azure  
No Occurrence  
 
All Other Services  
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 116 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 112 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a 
deliberate approach to risk 
management and annually 
conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and 
prioritize the threats facing 
M365 and prioritize the most 
preeminent risks based on 
impact, likelihood, and 
management’s controls. 
Additionally, clear ownership is 
established for each risk and its 
mitigation strategy. This is 
reviewed annually by M365 
management with ownership 
assigned out to individual teams 
and their management. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that a risk assessment and risk 
management process has been 
established for M365 to identify risks 
related to security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity, and is performed and 
approved on an annual basis. 
• Obtained and inspected the Risk 
Management process and policy 
documents for evidence that a 
process has been established. 
• Obtained and inspected the Risk 
Assessment completed by the M365 
team for evidence that the 
assessment had been completed and 
risks have been identified. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
approvals by M365 management 
associated with the completion of 
the Risk Assessment performed. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation 
strategies and controls that are 
identified through the annual 
risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned 
owner on a periodic basis. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that a process has been established 
to track and mitigate risks identified 
as part of a Risk Management 
process. 
• Obtained and inspected for a 
selection of the risks identified, that 
a risk mitigation strategy has been 
established and has been put in 
place. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 117 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 113 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of 
existing controls are assessed 
internally, through risk 
assessments, vulnerability 
scanning, and other methods, 
as well as by third parties on an 
annual basis. Findings are 
addressed with corrective 
actions, which are tracked and 
completed in a timely manner. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that the effectiveness of existing 
controls are assessed, both internally 
and externally, on an annual basis. 
Further ascertained per inquiry that 
any findings from these control 
assessments are addressed with 
corrective action plans and tracked 
through to timely resolution. 
• Obtained and inspected assessment 
and review reports to ascertain that 
external control effectiveness 
reviews are performed; selected a 
sample of findings from those 
reviews to test that corrective action 
plans were developed and tracked 
for the findings. 
• Obtained and inspected risk 
assessment and review reports to 
ascertain that these were 
performed; selected a sample of 
findings from those assessments to 
test that the issues were tracked 
through to resolution. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 118 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 114 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-25 – Based on meetings 
with CELA (Corporate, External, 
and Legal Affairs) and other 
Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and 
Compliance team updates the 
control framework to meet 
regulatory, industry, or 
technology changes. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that the M365 control framework is 
updated as needed to accommodate 
regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
invites and meeting notes 
demonstrating that the Governance, 
Risk, & Compliance group met with 
Microsoft regulatory groups, 
including CELA (Corporate, External, 
and Legal Affairs), to discuss 
regulatory, industry, and technology 
changes. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
invites and meeting notes to 
ascertain that service teams 
reviewed the M365 control 
framework with the points of 
contact and updated the framework 
accordingly. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-26 – Processes and 
procedures have been 
established to report security 
incidents to the Security team. 
Security incidents are identified 
and tracked in an incident 
tracking system. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes for identifying, reporting, 
and responding to security incidents 
have been established. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that identified 
security incidents were documented 
within an incident tracking system 
and resolved. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for addressing security 
incidents have been established and 
include processes for escalation and 
review. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence for 
a selection of incidents to ascertain 
that security incidents were 
escalated and reviewed by the 
appropriate team and required 
action was taken. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 119 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 115 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-27 – There is a continual 
process for host vulnerability 
scanning, reporting and 
management review. Individual 
or centralized services apply 
patches and remediate 
vulnerabilities, which is verified 
and reported to management 
through a centralized process. 
Responses are tracked from 
compliant and non-compliant 
hosts, to ensure timely 
resolution of incidents of non-
compliance. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes for security vulnerability 
scanning have been established and 
outline requirements for addressing 
identified issues. 
• Obtained and inspected security 
scanning reports for a selection of 
servers (inclusive of compliant and 
non-compliant hosts) for evidence 
that patches and vulnerability scans 
were being performed and 
completed successfully. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample of 
management reviews to ascertain 
that scan results were being 
reviewed and issues noted were 
being tracked to resolution. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-29 – Each Service team has 
on-call personnel who respond 
to potential Security, 
Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If 
an incident is assigned a high 
severity, the M365 Security 
team will track and address the 
issues to resolution. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that each service has on-call 
personnel established to identify and 
assist in security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity incidents. 
• Observed and inspected the on-call 
listing for each service for evidence 
that primary and backup on-call 
personnel have been established and 
the primary and backup on-call 
personnel cover a 24 hours / 7 days 
schedule. 
• Inquired of Monitoring and Incident 
management process owners that 
processes for identifying, reporting, 
and responding to security incidents 
have been established. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that identified 
high severity security incidents were 
documented within an incident 
tracking system and resolved. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 120 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 116 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-30 – Processing capacity and 
availability metrics are visible to 
Service teams through the 
dashboard. Service capacity and 
availability incidents are alerted 
and resolved by the on-call 
personnel as needed. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that each service has established a 
dashboard for monitoring capacity 
and availability. 
• Observed and inspected the capacity 
and availability dashboards for each 
service for evidence that capacity 
and availability metrics are being 
tracked and displayed to identify 
service-related issues. 
• Obtained and inspected an example 
of an automated availability alert to 
ascertain that alerting is in place and 
incidents are resolved as needed. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that capacity 
and availability incidents were 
escalated and reviewed by the 
appropriate team and required 
action was taken. 
No Exceptions Noted  
CA-31 – M365 management 
reviews capacity and availability 
on at least a monthly basis. Any 
issues with or changes to 
capacity and availability are 
tracked to resolution. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that capacity and availability are 
reviewed on at least a monthly basis 
by M365 management. 
• Obtained and inspected that for a 
selection of Monthly Service Review 
meetings, M365 management 
reviewed capacity and availability 
issues on a monthly basis. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-32 – Access to shared 
accounts within the M365 
environment are restricted to 
authorized personnel. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that shared accounts within the 
relevant services are restricted to 
authorized personnel. 
• For the relevant services, obtained 
and inspected logging and 
monitoring documentation and 
security configurations to ascertain 
that shared user accounts are 
identified and managed by the 
services to restrict access to 
authorized personnel. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 121 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 117 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-33.a – Requests for new 
access, or modifications to 
existing access, are submitted 
and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, 
contractor, and service provider 
access to specific applications 
or information resources. 
• Inquired of management that an 
automated process has been 
established for requesting and 
approving access prior to access 
being granted to user eligibilities, 
that grant access to production 
assets. 
• Obtained and inspected source code 
of the system configurations within 
the identity access management tool 
to corroborate that access requests 
or modifications for users require 
approval. Additionally, for a sample 
eligibility, observed that approval 
was obtained prior to access being 
granted.  
• Obtained and inspected access 
eligibility documentation for all in-
scope applications to ascertain that a 
request for access is required to be 
submitted and authorized prior to 
granting any user’s access. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 122 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 118 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-33.b – Elevated access 
within the M365 production 
environment is approved by an 
authorized user. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes have been established for 
requesting and approving access 
prior to access being granted. 
• Observed and inspected the system 
configurations for elevated access 
within IDM to ascertain that requests 
for elevated access to production 
require an approval and that the 
time allowed in production is limited 
based on established time 
constraints.  
• Observed the execution of the 
automation for a sample user to 
ascertain the user was approved by 
an authorized user prior to the 
access being elevated to production 
and the access duration was limited 
to the requested time.  
• For the IDM System – Obtained and 
inspected logs of access changes for 
administrator users during the 
examination period. Observed no 
new administrators were granted 
access during the examination 
period. 
Identity Manager (IDM) 
No Occurrence 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-34 – Identity of users is 
authenticated to M365 
Services. The use of passwords 
incorporates policy on periodic 
change and password 
complexity. 
• Inquired of management that 
authentication processes and 
password policies are enforced. 
• Observed system configuration 
settings for a selected server for 
each service to ascertain that 
authentication policies regarding 
change intervals and complexity are 
being enforced. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 123 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 119 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged 
accounts is configured to be 
revoked automatically based on 
access expiration settings, 
including inactivity and 
Manager / Cost Center changes. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes have been established for 
identity access management system 
configuration to revoke access 
automatically based on account 
expiration settings, including 
inactivity, and Manager / Cost Center 
changes. 
• Obtained and inspected source code 
of the system configurations within 
the identity access management 
tools to corroborate that account 
expiration settings, including 
inactivity, and Manager / Cost Center 
changes, are configured to remove 
access. Additionally, obtained and 
inspected the sync jobs for the 
settings to validate user data is 
periodically refreshed with HR 
systems. 
• Obtained and inspected system logs 
and tracking details for selected 
individuals that expiration settings 
were enforced, and access was 
removed based on the 
configurations within the identity 
access management system. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 124 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 120 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-35.b – Elevated access 
within the M365 environment 
that is not subject to automatic 
expiration settings is manually 
reviewed on a periodic basis. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes have been established for 
reviewing elevated access that is not 
automatically expired. 
• Obtained and inspected user access 
review (UAR) documentation for 
selected quarters to ascertain 
whether access was reviewed, and 
any identified issues were addressed 
in a timely manner. 
Microsoft Forms, Microsoft Planner, 
Microsoft Sway, Office for the web, 
Productivity Applications and Services  
Exception Noted. Management identified 
that evidence was not retained for the 
Q3 user access review for Excel Online 
(Office for the web).  
 
SharePoint Online (SPO) 
Exception Noted. No exceptions noted 
during Deloitte & Touche LLP's testing. 
However, Internal Audit (IA) noted that 1 
security group with privileged access was 
not reviewed. 
 
Identity Manager (IDM) 
Exception Noted. In the 2 quarterly user 
access reviews selected for testing, 1 
security group was not reviewed. 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-36 – Authentication over an 
encrypted Remote Desktop 
Connection is used for 
administrator access to the 
production environment. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of how authentication 
is enforced, and processes 
established with relation to 
encrypting communication with the 
production environment. 
• Observed authentication to a 
selected production server to 
corroborate that two-factor 
authentication was required. 
• Obtained and inspected source code 
configurations and system settings 
corroborating the encryption 
settings enforced for accessing the 
production environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 125 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 121 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-37 – Each M365 Online 
Service customer's content is 
segregated from other Online 
Services customers' content. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of the processes that 
enforce logical segregation of 
customer content. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample of 
server configurations and, where 
applicable, tested user interfaces to 
ascertain that customer content is 
segregated. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-38 – Physical production 
servers go through a quality 
assurance review prior to 
installation in the production 
environment to confirm the 
server is configured in 
compliance with baseline 
security and operational 
settings according to the 
server’s intended use. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes have been established to 
have baseline security and 
operational settings applied to all 
new servers deployed to the 
production environment. 
• Obtained and inspected system logs, 
source code configurations, and 
system change documentation for a 
selection of new servers to ascertain 
that baseline builds have been 
established, approved, and deployed 
prior to a new server being 
implemented in production. 
• For Microsoft 365 Remote Access – 
Obtained and inspected server 
deployment listings. Observed no 
new servers were deployed during 
the examination period. 
Microsoft 365 Remote Access 
No Occurrence 
 
All Other Services 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-43 – When users no longer 
require access or upon 
termination the user access 
privileges are revoked in a 
timely manner. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of the process for 
disabling or removing access in a 
timely manner. 
• Obtained and inspected HR 
termination reports for a selection of 
M365 terminated users to ascertain 
that removals of terminated users 
were executed in a timely manner by 
comparing the users’ termination 
dates against the date of access 
revocation. 
Exception Noted. 6 of 25 samples were 
not removed timely. 
 


--- Page 126 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 122 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-44 – Data in motion is 
encrypted when transmitting 
data between the customer and 
the data center and between 
data centers. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that for services that transmit 
customer content, these 
transmissions are performed using 
encryption. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
encryption settings and certificates 
that are established over the 
customer content transmission paths 
for the applicable services. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
encryption settings and certificates 
that are established over the 
datacenter transmission paths for 
the applicable services. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects 
and prevents introduction of 
known vulnerabilities and 
quarantines infected systems. 
Antimalware signatures are 
updated as available. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that antimalware has been installed, 
is running, and is up to date within 
the M365 environment. 
• For relevant services, based on the 
defined logic in the server build-out 
process, obtained and inspected 
evidence for a sample server that 
antimalware programs have been 
installed, are running, and are up to 
date. 
• Obtained and inspected that for a 
selection of one server per service 
team, antimalware programs have 
been installed, are running, and are 
up to date. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 127 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 123 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-46 – Production releases 
undergo a security review prior 
to their release into the 
production environment per 
defined criteria, including a 
code review. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that changes undergo a security 
review prior to release. 
• Obtained and inspected change 
tickets and supporting 
documentation for a selection of 
changes to ascertain that a security 
review was performed prior to 
release for each build. 
• Obtained and inspected branch 
policies to ascertain segregation of 
duties is enforced for code review. 
• For Microsoft 365 Remote Access 
and Griffin Azure – Obtained and 
inspected change deployment 
listings. Observed no new changes 
were implemented during the 
examination period. 
Microsoft 365 Remote Access and Griffin 
Azure  
No Occurrence  
 
All Other Services  
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-47 – Security events 
escalated to the Security team 
are reviewed by the Security 
Incident Response Team and 
action is taken in accordance 
with the established incident 
response program procedures. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes for identifying, reporting, 
and responding to security incidents 
have been established. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that identified 
security incidents were documented 
within an incident tracking system 
and resolved. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes for addressing security 
incidents have been established and 
include processes for escalation and 
review. 
• Obtained and inspected incident 
documentation for a selection of 
incidents to ascertain that security 
incidents were escalated and 
reviewed by the appropriate team 
and required action was taken. 
No Exceptions Noted  
 


--- Page 128 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 124 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-49 – Procedures have been 
established for local redundant 
storage and / or other 
redundancy measures 
supporting the availability of 
applications and customer 
content. 
• Inquired of management that 
processes have been established for 
data redundancy and restorations. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence for 
a selection of replications to 
ascertain that data redundancy and 
replication were occurring according 
to defined procedures and 
alternative data / application 
instances were available for 
restoration or failover. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-50 – Service teams 
participate in Business 
Continuity programs, which 
specify, based on criticality, 
recovery objectives, testing 
requirements (up to full data 
center failover), and 
remediation timelines. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that failover tests occur on a regular 
basis according to business 
continuity programs that specify 
based on criticality, recovery 
objectives, testing requirements, and 
remediation timelines. 
• Obtained and inspected business 
continuity documentation and 
failover logs for a selection of 
failover tests to ascertain that the 
tests were completed as designed, 
and that any issues identified were 
assigned to an appropriate owner 
and being tracked to resolution. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-51 – Customer content and 
services are replicated to a 
geographically separate 
location. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of the process for 
locating customer content or 
services on replicated instances in 
geographically separate locations. 
• Obtained and inspected system 
configurations and, depending on 
the setup of the service, a selection 
of data sources, to ascertain that 
replicated instances reside in 
geographically separate locations. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 129 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 125 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its 
dependencies on Microsoft 
Azure through obtaining and 
evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that M365 monitors its 
dependencies on Microsoft Azure, 
and their compliance with SLAs / 
contract obligations. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
minutes and supporting 
documentation to ascertain that 
audit reports for Microsoft Azure 
were obtained and inspected for 
issues. Any issues identified were 
followed-up on with the required 
party. 
• Obtained and inspected meeting 
minutes and supporting 
documentation to ascertain that 
M365 monitors the dependencies on 
Microsoft Azure through the 
scheduled Office Hours meetings. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-54 – Data at rest is 
encrypted per policy. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that for services that retain customer 
content, data at rest has been 
encrypted. 
• Obtained and inspected that 
encryption settings are established 
over customer content at rest for 
applicable services. 
• For relevant services, for a sample of 
servers, inspected that the data 
stored on the server has been 
encrypted per policy. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 130 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 126 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-55 – Customer content is 
retained after termination of 
M365 subscriptions per agreed 
upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and 
Service Licensing Agreements. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that for services that retain customer 
content, data is removed per 
customer agreements when the 
customer’s account is deactivated. 
• Obtained and inspected the system 
configurations for the applicable 
services that synchronize customer 
account status (e.g., Active, 
Suspended) between Microsoft 
Azure and the service. 
• Obtained and inspected system 
configurations and customer 
account status logs to ascertain that 
each applicable service is configured 
to systematically remove customer 
data based on their account status 
and is in line with the agreed upon 
customer’s contract and Service 
Licensing Agreements. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-56 – Customer tenant 
administrators are 
automatically notified when a 
Customer Lockbox elevation 
request is initiated to access 
their content. The tenant 
administrator must authorize 
the access elevation request 
prior to access being granted to 
the content. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that Customer tenant administrators 
are notified when a Customer 
Lockbox elevation request is initiated 
to access their content.  
• Obtained and inspected system 
configurations within the identity 
access management tool to 
corroborate that elevation requests 
generate a notification and require 
approval prior to access being 
granted. 
• Observed for a selected Customer 
Lockbox subscriber, that a Lockbox 
request was submitted and 
approved by tenant management. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 131 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 127 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-57 – Customer Lockbox 
elevation requests require 
management approval prior to 
submission to the tenant 
administrator. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that Customer Lockbox elevation 
requests require management 
approval prior to submission to the 
tenant administrator. 
• Obtained and inspected an access 
elevation log request and noted 
approvers were assigned to the 
request. Additionally, obtained and 
inspected system configurations 
within the identity access 
management tool to corroborate 
that elevation requests require 
management approval prior to 
submission to the tenant 
administrator. 
• For a selected request, obtained and 
inspected access elevation logs to 
ascertain that an approval took place 
before access was granted. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-58 – Customer Lockbox 
elevation requests to customer 
content require an associated 
service request. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that Customer Lockbox elevation 
requests to customer content 
require an associated service 
request. 
• Observed an elevation request 
where a service request number was 
excluded to ascertain that the 
elevation request failed to be 
processed. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-59 – Customer Lockbox 
elevation requests are 
displayed in the tenant M365 
Admin Center. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
Customer Lockbox elevation 
requests are displayed in the tenant 
M365 Admin Center. 
• Observed the population of Lockbox 
requests within the M365 Dashboard 
– Admin Center. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 132 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 128 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-60 –Microsoft Operator 
access is logged when using 
Customer Lockbox. Logs can be 
found in the Audit log search. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that all servers that host customer 
content push audit logs to a 
repository on a real-time basis.  
• Observed for a sample elevation log 
that elevation activity was logged 
accordingly. 
• Observed for a sample elevation that 
it was identifiable through the Audit 
log search functionality. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-61 – Microsoft management 
reviews both Customer Lockbox 
and capacity server elevation 
logs and investigates any 
anomalies. All elevations 
statistics are aggregated, 
reviewed, and reported to 
management annually. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that management reviews both 
Customer Lockbox and capacity 
server elevation. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample of 
the annual presentation, which 
included elevation statistics and 
resolutions. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-62 – Customer mailboxes 
are encrypted per customer’s 
defined encryption policies 
using keys generated and 
maintained by the customer. 
• Inquired with management to 
ascertain that each customer is 
responsible for initiating their service 
encryption configuration during the 
Customer Key onboarding process. 
• Inquired with Customer Key owners 
to ascertain that each customer’s 
‘Customer Key’ subscription has a 
unique service encryption identifier 
and a unique Azure Key Vault to 
house their root encryption keys. 
• Obtained and inspected system 
configurations to corroborate 
encryption is enforced using policies 
set by the customer. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample 
customer ‘Customer Key’ 
subscription and ascertained that 
each of the customer’s service 
encryptions was associated with 
unique Azure Key Vaults for the 
respective encryption root keys.  
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 133 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 129 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-63 – When a customer 
requests a key deletion using 
the Exchange Customer Key 
service, the data is no longer 
accessible by Microsoft or the 
end user. 
• Inquired with management to 
ascertain that once a customer opts 
out of the service and deletes their 
own root keys, all users associated 
with that tenant will no longer be 
able to log in to see the data. 
• Obtained and inspected the system 
configurations that synchronize 
customer account status (e.g., 
Active, Suspended) to initiate data 
deletion. 
• Observed a test occurrence of a 
customer’s Customer Key 
subscription termination process 
within the production environment 
to ascertain the customer data was 
no longer accessible after the 
tenant’s termination of the 
Customer Key subscription. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-64 – Only keys noted in the 
tenant’s Data Encryption Policy 
can be used to access the data 
maintained in that tenant’s 
service encryption. 
• Inquired with management to 
ascertain that data associated with a 
Customer Key Data Encryption Policy 
can only be accessed using the Data 
Encryption Policy 's Customer Keys.  
• Observed a test occurrence of a 
failed customer attempt to access an 
Azure Key Vault that was not 
associated with their ‘Customer Key’ 
service Data Encryption Policy. 
No Exceptions Noted 
CA-65 – For EXO and SPO, 
customer content resides in a 
specific geographic location. 
• Inquired with management to verify 
that the services are configured to 
restrict customer content to defined 
geographic regions. 
• Obtained and inspected a sample of 
geographic regions for the relevant 
services and obtained evidence to 
ascertain that datacenter and service 
configurations were setup to restrict 
customer content to defined regions 
within each service.  
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 134 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 130 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
CA-66 – Production data is 
classified and protected based 
upon the M365 data 
classification process. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that M365 has an established data 
classification process. 
• Obtained and inspected the data 
classification standard to ascertain 
that there is a defined M365 data 
classification process and associated 
documentation that service teams 
can use to track and understand the 
data that they manage, and the 
associated security, availability, 
confidentiality, and processing 
integrity requirements associated 
with that data. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has 
policies documented to cover 
the development of  
information systems within the 
M365 environment. Policies are 
communicated to M365 service 
teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development 
Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
• Inquired of management process 
owners to understand the policies 
covering the development of 
information systems within the 
M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 
Information Security Policy and 
noted that it covered the following 
topics: Security Standards, Security 
Development Lifecycle, Version 
Control, Backups, Vulnerabilities, and 
Programming Policies. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-02 – In case of errors or 
security concerns, changes are 
rolled back to their previous 
state or rolled forward to a 
corrected state. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
their process for correcting errors or 
security concerns published into the 
production environment. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence 
from change management systems 
to determine if in-scope systems had 
the ability to apply rollbacks. 
• For selected services, validated that 
rollbacks were configured to be 
allowed within the environment in 
case of errors or security concerns. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 135 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 131 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has 
policies documented to cover 
the management and 
provisioning of system and data 
access for the M365 
environment. Policies are 
communicated to M365 service 
teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval 
process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control 
documentation 
• Inquired of management to 
understand the policies covering the 
development of information systems 
within the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 
Security Policy and M365 SOP 
(Standard Operating Procedures) 
documentation and noted that it 
covered the following topics: 
Provisioning of access, Separation of 
duties, Role / Eligibility approval 
process, Access termination, and 
Required access control 
documentation. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic 
certificates, keys, and customer 
access keys used for 
communication between Azure 
and M365 services and other 
internal components are stored 
securely. 
• Inquired with management to 
determine how cryptographic 
certificates, encryption keys, and 
customer access keys are stored 
within the M365 environment. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence 
showing where cryptographic 
certificates, encryption keys, and 
customer access keys are securely 
stored. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories 
are used for managing source 
code changes to the M365 
platform. Procedures are 
established for authorized 
M365 personnel to submit 
source code changes. 
Authorization is based on role. 
• Inquired with management to 
ascertain how code repositories are 
used to manage source code 
changes to the M365 environment, 
and how access is restricted to the 
repositories.  
• Obtained and inspected evidence 
from service team code repositories 
to ascertain that the repository was 
in use, and access was appropriately 
restricted based upon role. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 136 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 132 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic 
within the M365 environment is 
segregated to separate 
customer traffic from 
management traffic. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
their process for segregating 
customer and management traffic. 
• Obtained and inspected firewall and 
/ or network configuration files to 
determine that customer traffic is 
segregated from management 
traffic. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic 
controls are used for 
information protection within 
the M365 service based on the 
M365 Cryptographic Policy and 
Key Management procedures. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
their policies for cryptographic 
controls within the M365 
environment. 
• Obtained and inspected the M365 
SOP (Standard Operating 
Procedures) for Cryptography. 
Ascertained that it provided detailed 
explanations and guidance for the 
management of cryptographic keys 
and how customer data is encrypted 
and logically segregated within the 
M365 environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has 
policies and instructions 
documented to cover 
protection for data in motion, 
based on risk. Policies are 
communicated to M365 service 
teams. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
their policies for cryptographic 
controls within the M365 
environment.  
• Obtained the M365 Information 
Security Policy, the Encryption in 
M365 Whitepaper, and the M365 
SOP (Standard Operating 
Procedures) for Cryptography. Per 
inspection of the documents, noted 
that they provided detailed 
information, instructions, and 
guidance for how to protect the 
transmission of data against 
unauthorized interception, 
manipulation, copying, modification, 
redirection or destruction within the 
M365 environment.  
• Obtained and inspected 
documentation to ascertain the 
policies were made available to 
M365 service teams. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 137 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 133 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-09 – Microsoft has 
policies and instructions 
documented to cover 
encryption procedures and key 
management within the M365 
environment. Policies are 
communicated to M365 service 
teams. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
their policies for encryption 
procedures and key management 
within the M365 environment.  
• Obtained the M365 Information 
Security Policy and the M365 SOP 
(Standard Operating Procedures) for 
Cryptography and noted that they 
provided documented instructions 
for encryption procedures and key 
management within the M365 
environment.  
• Obtained and inspected 
documentation to ascertain the 
policies were made available to 
M365 service teams. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has 
established policies for mobile 
computing devices to meet 
appropriate security practices 
prior to being connected to the 
production environment. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
their policies for mobile computing 
procedures within the M365 
environment. 
• Obtained the Microsoft Security 
Program Policy, M365 Information 
Security Policy, and the M365 SOP 
(Standard Operating Procedures) for 
Access Control and Identity 
Management and noted that they 
contain policies and procedures for 
mobile computing devices to meet 
the appropriate security practice 
prior to being connected to the 
production environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-11 – Customer data is 
accessible within agreed upon 
services in data formats 
compatible with providing 
those services. 
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
the accessibility of customer data 
through agreed upon formats. 
• Observed and inspected that data 
exported successfully in a 
compatible format for a sample 
service. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 138 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 134 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers 
are able to determine the 
locations where their data is 
being processed and stored via 
the M365 Administrator Tool. 
• Inquired of management to 
understand how customers are able 
to determine where their data is 
stored. 
• Observed and inspected the Azure 
Datacenter map, while logged into 
an M365 subscription. Ascertained 
that the data centers for the 
subscription were visible. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has 
policies and instructions 
documented to communicate 
the secure collection and 
storage of metadata within the 
M365 environment. Policies are 
communicated to M365 service 
teams.  
The policies define that 
metadata is collected and used 
in accordance with contractual 
commitments. 
• Inquired of management to 
understand the policies governing 
the use and handling of metadata. 
• Observed and inspected the Data 
Handling standards governing M365, 
noting that metadata can only be 
used for the defined, approved 
purposes. 
• Obtained and inspected 
documentation to ascertain the 
policies were made available to 
M365 service teams. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator 
activity in the M365 
environment is logged. 
• Inquired with management to 
determine the process for logging 
administrator activities. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence 
showing that administrator activity 
was logged within the M365 
environment. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 139 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 135 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-15 – The access and 
management of the logging and 
monitoring functionalities is 
limited to select personnel. 
Changes to the logging and 
monitoring are approved by the 
engineering teams. 
• Inquired with management to 
determine the process for restricting 
access of the logging and monitoring 
functionalities to select personnel. 
• Obtained and inspected user access 
to logging and monitoring 
functionalities. Ascertained that the 
users with access to the logging and 
monitoring functionalities were all 
appropriate, and access was 
appropriately restricted. 
• Obtained and inspected change 
tickets and supporting 
documentation for a selection of 
changes to ascertain that changes to 
the logging and monitoring are 
approved by the engineering teams. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft 
participates in penetration 
testing of key components of 
the M365 environment. Results 
of the penetration tests are 
documented and any critical 
findings are remedied. 
• Inquired of management to 
understand the process for 
penetration testing over the key 
components of the M365 
environment. 
• Observed and inspected a 
penetration testing report from a 
third party. Per inspection of the 
penetration testing report, we noted 
the results listed within, and that 
there were no critical findings. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an 
annual Information Security 
Management System (ISMS) 
review and reviews results with 
management. This involves 
monitoring ongoing 
effectiveness and improvement 
of the ISMS control 
environment by reviewing 
security issues, audit results, 
and monitoring status, and by 
planning and tracking necessary 
corrective actions. 
• Inquired of management to 
understand the process for annual 
Information Security Management 
System (ISMS) reviews. 
• Observed and inspected assessment 
reports and evidence of annual 
reviews and management’s 
responses to any findings.  
• For a sample of exceptions, validated 
that they were tracked and reviewed 
annually. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 140 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 136 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-18 –M365 has a defined 
exception program where 
exceptions are reviewed and 
tracked. The results of the 
review process are 
documented, and if approved 
the exception is limited in time 
and reviewed at least annually 
by relevant risk owners. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
the process implemented to track 
and review exceptions. 
• Observed and inspected the 
exceptions dashboards, and 
ascertained that appropriate, 
detailed information regarding 
exceptions is tracked and reviewed. 
• For a sample of exceptions, validated 
that they were limited in time and 
required review at least annually. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security 
information and event 
management (SIEM) software 
that monitors logging data for 
potential security events. 
Potential events are identified 
and reported to appropriate 
personnel for further evaluation 
as needed. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
the security information and event 
management software in place to 
identify and address security events. 
• Observed and inspected the security 
monitoring workflows, as well as the 
key alert information put in place on 
resources, and for a sample of 
events, noted that potential events 
are identified and, as needed, 
reported to appropriate personnel 
for further evaluation. 
No Exceptions Noted 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data 
allows an unambiguous 
identification of user accesses 
to support further analysis in 
the event of a security incident. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
the security information and event 
management software in place to 
identify and address security events. 
• Observed and inspected the tools 
and mechanism used to log and 
identify events and noted that clear 
identification of user access was 
documented. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 141 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 137 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-21 – Prior to contracting 
with Microsoft, suppliers 
undergo a risk assessment 
based on the services that will 
be provided and data handled. 
A list of reviewed suppliers is 
maintained and their risk 
profiles are reviewed at least 
annually. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of risk assessments 
performed prior to contracting with 
suppliers and the process for 
maintaining the directory of 
suppliers including their risk profile. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
directory of suppliers to ascertain 
that it contained basic supplier 
information including their risk 
profile. Additionally, obtained and 
inspected documented procedures 
related to performing risk 
assessments of suppliers to ascertain 
that the assessment was based on 
the services provided and data 
handled. 
• For a sample of suppliers, obtained 
and inspected the risk assessment 
reports to ascertain that the 
suppliers’ risk profiles aligned with 
the services provided and data 
handled by the suppliers. 
Additionally, ascertained that the 
risk profiles were reviewed at least 
on an annual basis. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 142 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 138 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
C5-CA-22 – Procedures are 
established and documented to 
evaluate government 
investigative demands for 
customer data. Procedures 
address a review and 
assessment by the Microsoft 
legal department, which will 
evaluate the legal basis for the 
request to determine what 
response is required, notify the 
impacted customer where 
permitted by law, where 
Microsoft is required to 
produce customer data, work 
with engineering to collect and 
produce the minimum data 
responsive to the request as 
required by law. Procedures are 
reviewed at least annually. 
• Inquired of management to 
understand the procedures 
established to evaluate, review, 
notify and respond to government 
investigative demands for customer 
data. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
procedures established for 
government investigative demands 
for customer data and ascertained 
that they were reviewed on an 
annual basis. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-01 – Microsoft’s values are 
accessible to employees via the 
Values SharePoint site and are 
updated as necessary by 
management. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
Microsoft’s values and the process 
for updating and making them 
accessible to employees. 
• Observed the Values SharePoint site 
and ascertained that Microsoft’s 
values are defined, updated as 
needed, and published to 
employees. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains 
several mechanisms (email, 
phone, fax, website) that permit 
employees and non-employees 
to communicate confidential 
and / or anonymous reports 
concerning Business Conduct. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
the mechanisms (email, phone, fax, 
website) that permit reporting of 
issues related to Business Conduct. 
• Accessed each communication 
mechanism to ascertain that the 
mechanisms were available and 
functioning. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 143 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 139 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-03 – The Audit Committee 
(AC) reviews its Charter and 
Responsibilities as listed in its 
calendar on an annual basis. 
The AC Responsibilities include 
meeting with the external and 
internal auditors on a quarterly 
basis; providing oversight on 
the development and 
performance of controls; and 
completing an annual self-
evaluation. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of the Charter and 
Responsibilities of the Audit 
Committee and its annual review 
process. 
• Obtained and inspected the agenda 
or meeting minutes to ascertain the 
annual review of Audit Committee’s 
Charter, the Responsibilities 
Calendar, including the completion 
of the annual self-evaluation. 
• Inspected the investor relations 
website to ascertain that the Audit 
Committee’s Charter and 
Responsibilities Calendar was 
published on the website. 
• Obtained evidence (e.g., meeting 
invite, meeting minutes) to ascertain 
quarterly meetings between AC and 
internal / external auditors. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter 
directs Internal Audit to provide 
independent and objective 
audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to 
provide assurance that the 
company is appropriately 
addressing its risks. The scope 
and frequency of assurance 
activities is based on an annual 
risk assessment. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of the Internal Audit 
Charter and the scope and frequency 
of assurance activities performed by 
Internal Audit. 
• Obtained and inspected the Internal 
Audit Charter and ascertained that 
the Charter directs the services of 
Internal Audit. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 144 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 140 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-06 – The Compensation 
Committee is responsible for 
reviewing and discussing plans 
for executive officer 
development and corporate 
succession plans for the CEO 
and other executive officers. 
• Inquired of management to gain an 
understanding of the process for 
planning executive officer 
development and corporate 
succession plans for the CEO and 
other executive officers. 
• Obtained and inspected the agenda 
or meeting minutes to ascertain the 
annual discussion of the succession 
plans. 
• Inspected the Compensation 
Committee Charter on the investor 
relations website to ascertain that 
the Compensation Committee’s 
responsibility included reviewing the 
succession plan for CEO and other 
executive officers, on an annual 
basis. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk 
Management Office (ERMO) 
has established an entity wide 
risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks 
across Microsoft. Risk 
assessment results are 
reviewed bi-annually and risks 
that exceed acceptable 
thresholds are reported to the 
Board of Directors on behalf of 
senior management. 
• Inquired of management on the ERM 
risk assessment process and how 
risks are identified and managed. 
• Obtained and inspected the agenda 
or meeting minutes to ascertain that 
the ERM risk assessment results are 
reviewed bi-annually and presented 
to the Board of Directors for review 
and consideration of the changes. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 145 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 141 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires 
employees and contractors to 
sign agreements that include 
non-disclosure provisions and 
asset protection 
responsibilities, upon hire. In 
addition, employees are 
provided Microsoft’s Employee 
Handbook, which describes the 
responsibilities and expected 
behavior with regard to 
information and information 
system usage, including the 
consequences of violating 
relevant laws, regulations, 
provisions, and policies 
regarding information security. 
Employees are required to 
acknowledge agreements to 
return Microsoft assets upon 
termination. 
• Inquired of management that Non-
Disclosure Agreements (NDAs), that 
include asset protection and return 
responsibilities, were signed as a 
part of the onboarding process. 
• Inspected a sample NDA to ascertain 
that the agreement included 
requirements for asset protection, 
and asset return upon termination of 
employment. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
Reporting Concerns About 
Misconduct policy, to ascertain if 
policies around notification of 
incidents were documented. 
• For a sample of new hires / transfers, 
obtained evidence to ascertain that 
an NDA was signed at the time of 
onboarding. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-09 – Microsoft’s Enterprise 
Business Continuity program is 
intended to ensure that 
Microsoft is ready to mitigate 
risks and vulnerabilities and 
respond to a major disruptive 
event in a manner that enables 
the business to continue to 
operate in a safe, predictable, 
and reliable way. The EBCM 
charter provides a strategic 
direction and leadership to all 
Microsoft Engineering 
organizations. EBCM is 
governed through the Program 
Management Office to ensure 
that the program adheres to a 
coherent long-term vision and 
mission, and is consistent with 
enterprise program standards, 
methods, policies, and metrics.  
• Inquired of management to ascertain 
that M365 teams participate in the 
Enterprise Business Continuity 
program and abide by the EBCM 
charter. 
• Obtained and inspected that, for a 
selection of failover tests, the test 
was completed as designed, and that 
any issues identified were assigned 
to an appropriate owner and being 
tracked to resolution. 
• Obtained and inspected program 
standards and noted it covered 
backups and disaster recovery 
strategies. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 146 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 142 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-11 – Audit activities are 
planned and agreed upon in 
advance by stakeholders and 
any access required to perform 
the audits requires approval. 
Audit findings are addressed 
relative to their criticality.  
• Inquired of management regarding 
their process for planning and 
executing audit activities. 
• Obtained and inspected evidence 
from two recent audits of the M365 
system to ascertain that an audit 
plan was defined, corroborate that 
any access required to perform the 
audit was approved, and that audit 
findings were addressed. 
No Exceptions Noted 
ELC-12 – Management expects 
outsourced providers to meet 
certain levels of skills and 
experience, depending on the 
role and holds them 
accountable to achieving 
specific deliverables, as outlined 
in a Statement of Work. 
Outsourced providers are 
trained to understand and 
comply with Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
the process for: 
- Citing expectations from 
outsourced providers to achieve 
specific deliverables. 
- Training outsourced providers on 
Microsoft’s supplier code of conduct. 
• Obtained and inspected Microsoft’s 
Statement of Work template to 
ascertain that it cited outsourced 
providers’ role and accountability in 
achieving specific deliverables. 
• Inspected the supplier procurement 
website to ascertain that Microsoft’s 
supplier code of conduct is available 
and accessible to all outsourced 
providers. 
• Obtained and inspected the 
Standards of Business Conduct 
training transcript to confirm that for 
all internal employees, obligations 
are communicated as part of the 
Standards of Business Conduct 
training. 
• Observed during the supplier access 
provisioning process that completion 
of the supplier code of conduct 
training is required. 
No Exceptions Noted 


--- Page 147 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 143 
Control Activity 
Tests Performed 
Test Result 
ELC-15 – Security risks related 
to external parties (such as 
customers, contractors and 
vendors) are identified and 
addressed within the M365 
environment based on 
Microsoft’s corporate 
procurement process. 
Designated responsibilities are 
defined to coordinate with 
relevant corporate groups (e.g., 
Corporate, External, and Legal 
Affairs, Procurement) in 
reviewing risks associated with 
external parties and 
establishing relevant 
agreements. 
• Inquired of management regarding 
their risk assessment process and 
how risks are identified and 
addressed related to external parties 
(such as customers, contractors and 
vendors). 
• For a sample of vendors, obtained 
and inspected evidence of risk 
assessments being performed for a 
selection of external parties. 
No Exceptions Noted  
 
 


--- Page 148 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 144 
 
 
Section 5:  
Supplemental Information 
Provided by Management of 
Microsoft 
 


--- Page 149 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 145 
Section 5: Supplemental Information Provided by 
Management of Microsoft 
The information included in this section is presented by Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) to provide additional 
information to user entities and is not part of Microsoft’s description of the system. The information included 
here in this section has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the description of the 
system, and accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP expresses no opinion on it. 
Business Continuity Planning 
The Microsoft 365 (“M365”) service incorporates resilient and redundant features in each service and utilizes 
Microsoft’s enterprise-level datacenters. These datacenters use the same operational practices as Microsoft’s 
corporate line of business applications. The M365 team’s long experience in operating highly available services, 
combined with the company’s close ties to the product groups and support services, provides a comprehensive 
solution for the company’s online services with the ability to meet the high standards of its customers. 
The company’s online services’ designs include provisions to quickly recover from unexpected events such as 
hardware or application failure, data corruption, or other incidents that may affect a subset of the user 
population. The company’s service continuity solutions and framework are based on industry best practice and 
are updated on a regular basis to support Microsoft’s ability to recover from a major outage in a timely manner. 
Domain Name Services 
M365 Domain Name Service (DNS) provides authoritative name resolution for a subset of public-facing domains 
associated with M365. These domains can be purchased by customers to rename their domain URLs.  
Datacenter Services 
The Microsoft Datacenters Management team has overall responsibility for the oversight of datacenter 
operations, including physical security, site services (server deployments and break / fix work), infrastructure 
build-out, critical environment operations and maintenance, and facilities management. Site Security Officers are 
responsible for monitoring the physical security of the facility 24x7. 
The Microsoft Datacenters Management team conducts periodic operational reviews with the key third-party 
vendors that support the Microsoft Datacenters. The purpose of the operational reviews is to discuss the current 
state of agreed-upon deliverables. Third-party vendors have specific statements of work with service level 
agreements that are monitored for compliance and adherence. Statements of work are reviewed on a periodic 
basis and updates are made accordingly, as business needs require. 
ISO / IEC Standards 42001:2023, 27001:2022, ISO 27002:2022, 27017:2015, 
27018:2019, 27701:2019, and 22301:2019 
M365 is compliant with ISO standard 42001:2023 and meets the requirements of ISO 27001:2022, 27002:2022, 
27017:2015, and 27018:2019 published jointly by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the 
International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). M365 is also compliant with ISO standards 22301:2019 and 
27701:2019. 
ISO27000 series of standards were developed in the context of the following core principles: 


--- Page 150 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 146 
“The preservation of confidentiality (ensuring that information is accessible only to those authorized to have 
access), integrity (safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of information and processing methods) and 
availability (ensuring that authorized users have access to information and associated assets when required).”  
M365 has been certified against the above standards by Mastermind (42001) and the British Standards Institute 
(BSI). To view the certificates, see the Certificate / Client Directory Search Results page located on the BSI Global 
website. Certificates are available for customers to download from the Microsoft Service Trust Portal. 
NIST 800-53 and FISMA 
M365 implements security processes and technology that adhere to the NIST 800-53 standards required by US 
federal agencies and have acquired FedRAMP Authority to Operate (ATO) from multiple federal agencies.  
Cloud Service Continuous Improvements 
M365 is a dynamic service, which Microsoft continually updates with the latest features and functionality. While 
new features and functionality are regularly being added, the risk-based controls applied to the new components 
are expected to remain consistent with the risk-based controls applied to the existing M365 suite of services.  
Management’s Response to Exceptions Identified 
The table below contains Management’s responses to the exceptions identified in Section 4. 
Control Activity & Exception 
Management’s Response 
CA-35.b - Elevated access within the M365 
environment that is not subject to automatic 
expiration settings is manually reviewed on a 
periodic basis. 
 
Microsoft Forms, Microsoft Planner, Microsoft 
Sway, Office for the web, Productivity Applications 
and Services  
Exception Noted. Management identified that 
evidence was not retained for the Q3 user access 
review for Excel Online (Office for the web). 
 
SharePoint Online (SPO) 
Exception Noted. No exceptions noted during 
Deloitte & Touche LLP's testing. However, Internal 
Audit (IA) noted that 1 security group with 
privileged access was not reviewed. 
 
Identity Manager (IDM) 
Exception Noted. In the 2 quarterly user access 
reviews selected for testing, 1 security group was 
not reviewed. 
Logs of account usage have been reviewed, and it was 
confirmed that there was no inappropriate access. 
Applicable teams have been reminded of this control 
requirement. 


--- Page 151 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 - Central Services - Page 147 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Control Activity & Exception 
Management’s Response 
CA-43 – When users no longer require access or 
upon termination the user access privileges are 
revoked in a timely manner. 
 
Exception Noted. 6 of 25 samples were not removed 
timely. 
M365 systems synchronized with HR systems and 
consumed the data effectively, however, managers 
unfamiliar with the HR termination process did not 
submit termination data on time in the HR systems. To 
address this issue, M365 Leadership will collaborate 
with HR Leadership to ensure M365 managers are 
properly educated on termination procedures. 
