--- Page 1 ---
 
Microsoft Corporation—Microsoft 365 
Microservices (Type 1) 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report 
September 30, 2025 
 
== Microsoft
Deloitte.


--- Page 2 ---
 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s Report 
 
  1 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
          
  6 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its  
Microsoft 365 Microservices System                                                                                                                              9 
Section 4: Supplemental Information Provided by Management of Microsoft 
 
88 
 
 


--- Page 3 ---
 
 
Executive Summary 
Microsoft Corporation— Microsoft 365 Microservices 
Scope 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Microservices 
Period of Examination 
As of September 30, 2025 
Locations 
Redmond, Washington (WA) 
Subservice Providers 
Yes – 
• 
Microsoft Azure (“Azure”) including Microsoft Datacenters 
• 
Microsoft 365 Central Services (“M365 Central Services”) 
• 
M365 Microservices Type 2 
Opinion Result 
Unqualified 
Controls with Testing 
Exceptions 
1 
Complementary User-Entity 
Controls 
Yes – See Page 31 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Yes – See Page 32 
 
 


--- Page 4 ---
 
 
 
 
Section 1: 
Independent Service Auditor’s Report 


--- Page 5 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 1 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
1015 Second Avenue, Suite 500 
Seattle, WA 98104  
Tel: +1 206 716 7000 
Fax: +1 206 965 7000 
www.deloitte.com 
 
 
 
Section 1: Independent Service Auditor’s Report 
Microsoft Corporation 
One Microsoft Way  
Redmond, WA 98052-6399 
 
Scope 
We have examined the description of the Microsoft 365 Microservices system1 (“M365 Microservices”) of 
Management of Microsoft Corporation (the “Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) included in Section 3, 
“Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its Microsoft 365 Microservices System” as of September 30, 2025 
(the “Description”) based on the criteria for a description of a service organization’s system in DC section 200, 
2018 Description Criteria for a Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® Report, in AICPA 
Description Criteria (“description criteria”) and the suitability of the design and implementation of controls stated 
in the description as of September 30, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service 
commitments and system requirements would be achieved based on the trust services criteria relevant to 
security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality (applicable trust services criteria) set forth in TSP 
section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy, 
in AICPA Trust Services Criteria. 
The information in Section 4, “Supplemental Information Provided by Management of Microsoft,” is presented 
by management of Microsoft to provide additional information and is not a part of management of Microsoft’s 
Description of its M365 Microservices system made available to user entities as of September 30, 2025. 
Information in Section 4 has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the 
Description of the M365 Microservices system and of the suitability of the design and implementation of 
controls to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust 
services criteria and, accordingly, we express no opinion on it. 
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure, including the Microsoft Datacenters service, for its hosting of physical and virtual 
servers, network management, data protection, and storage services. Additionally, Microsoft uses M365 Central 
Services and M365 Microservices Type 2 shared services and supporting technology to support the IT 
environment including logical access, server baselines, incident management, restoration of customer content, 
and vulnerability scanning (“subservice organizations”). The Description indicates that complementary subservice 
organization controls that are suitably designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at the 
Service Organization, to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements based on the 
applicable trust services criteria. The Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services 
criteria, and the types of complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s 
controls. The Description does not disclose the actual controls at the subservice organizations. Our examination 
did not include the services provided by the subservice organizations, and we have not evaluated the suitability of 
 
 
1 In-scope services are defined in the Software subsection in Section 3 of this SOC 2 Report. These in-scope services are referred to throughout this report as 
“M365 Microservices.” Items relating to the overall Microsoft 365 service will be referred to as “M365.” 
Deloitte.


--- Page 6 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 2 
the design or operating effectiveness of such complementary subservice organization controls. 
The Description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and 
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The Description presents Microsoft’s 
controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the complementary user entity controls assumed in the design 
of Microsoft’s controls. Our examination did not extend to such complementary user entity controls and we have 
not evaluated the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of such complementary user entity controls. 
Service Organization's Responsibilities 
Management of Microsoft is responsible for its service commitments and system requirements and for designing, 
implementing, and operating effective controls within the system to provide reasonable assurance that 
Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements would be achieved. Management of Microsoft has 
provided the accompanying assertion in Section 2 titled "Management of Microsoft’s Assertion" (the “Assertion”) 
about the Description and the suitability of the design and implementation of controls stated therein. 
Management of Microsoft is also responsible for preparing the Description and Assertion, including the 
completeness, accuracy, and method of presentation of the Description and Assertion; providing the services 
covered by the Description; selecting the applicable trust services criteria and stating the related controls in the 
Description; and identifying the risks that threaten the achievement of the service organization’s service 
commitments and system requirements. 
Service Auditor’s Responsibilities 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Description and on the suitability of design and implementation 
of controls stated in the Description, based on our examination.  
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) and International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 
(Revised), Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, issued by the 
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether, in all material respects, the Description is 
presented in accordance with the description criteria, and the controls stated therein were suitably designed to 
provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements would be achieved 
based on the applicable trust services criteria. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
An examination of a Description of a service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and 
implementation of controls involves: 
• 
Obtaining an understanding of the system and the service organization's service commitments and system 
requirements. 
• 
Assessing the risks that the Description is not presented in accordance with the description criteria and that 
controls were not suitably designed. 
• 
Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether the Description is presented in accordance with 
the description criteria.  
• 
Performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether controls stated in the Description were suitably 
designed to provide reasonable assurance that the service organization would achieve its service 


--- Page 7 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 3 
commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. 
• 
Evaluating the overall presentation of the Description. 
Our examination also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances. 
Service Auditor’s Independence and Quality Control  
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of 
Professional Conduct established by the AICPA and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. We have complied with those requirements. We applied the 
Statements on Quality Control Standards established by the AICPA and the International Standards on Quality 
Management issued by the IAASB and, accordingly, maintain a comprehensive system of quality control.  
Inherent Limitations 
The Description is prepared to meet the common needs of a broad range of report users and therefore may not 
include every aspect of the system that each individual report user may consider important to meet their 
informational needs.  
There are inherent limitations in any system of internal control, including the possibility of human error and the 
circumvention of controls. The projection to the future of any conclusions about the suitability of the design and 
implementation of controls is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Other Matter 
We did not perform any procedures regarding the operating effectiveness of controls stated in the Description 
and, accordingly, do not express an opinion thereon. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, in all material respects: 
a. The Description presents Microsoft’s M365 Microservices system that was designed and implemented as 
of September 30, 2025, in accordance with the description criteria. 
b. The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed as of September 30, 2025, to provide 
reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements would be achieved 
based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls operated effectively as of September 30, 
2025, and if the subservice organizations and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed 
in the design of Microsoft’s controls as of September 30, 2025.  
Restricted Use 
This report is intended solely for the information and use of management of Microsoft, user entities of 
Microsoft’s M365 Microservices system as of September 30, 2025, business partners of Microsoft subject to risks 
arising from interactions with Microsoft’s system, practitioners providing services to such user entities and 
business partners, prospective user entities and business partners, and regulators who have sufficient knowledge 


--- Page 8 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 4 
and understanding of the following: 
• 
The nature of the service provided by Microsoft. 
• 
How Microsoft’s system interacts with user entities, business partners, subservice organizations, and 
other parties. 
• 
Internal control and its limitations. 
• 
Complementary user entity controls and complementary subservice organization controls and how they 
interact with related controls at Microsoft to achieve Microsoft’s commitments and system requirements. 
• 
User entity responsibilities and how they may affect the user entity’s ability to effectively use Microsoft’s 
services. 
• 
The applicable trust services criteria. 
• 
The risks that may threaten the achievement of Microsoft’s service commitments and system 
requirements and how controls address those risks. 
This report is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than these specified parties.  
 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Delete 4 Touche LLP
|


--- Page 9 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 5 
 
 
Section 2:  
Management of Microsoft’s 
Assertion 


--- Page 10 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 6 
Section 2: Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
Management of Microsoft’s Assertion 
As of September 30, 2025 
We have prepared the description of the Microsoft 365 Microservices system2 (“M365 Microservices”) of 
Management of Microsoft Corporation (the “Service Organization” or “Microsoft”) included in Section 3, 
“Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its Microsoft 365 Microservices System”, as of September 30, 2025 
(the “Description”) based on the criteria for a Description of a service organization’s system in DC section 200, 
2018 Description Criteria for a Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® Report, in AICPA 
Description Criteria, (“description criteria”). The Description is intended to provide users with information about 
our system that may be useful when assessing the risks arising from interactions with Microsoft’s system, 
particularly information about system controls that Microsoft has designed, implemented, and operated to 
provide reasonable assurance that its service commitments and system requirements were achieved based on 
the trust services criteria relevant to security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality (applicable trust 
services criteria) set forth in TSP section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing 
Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy, in AICPA Trust Services Criteria. 
Microsoft uses Microsoft Azure, including the Microsoft Datacenters service, for its hosting of physical and virtual 
servers, network management, data protection, and storage services. Additionally, Microsoft uses M365 Central 
Services and M365 Microservices Type 2 shared services and supporting technology to support the IT 
environment including logical access, server baselines, incident management, restoration of customer content, 
and vulnerability scanning (“subservice organizations”). The Description indicates that complementary subservice 
organization controls that are suitably designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at the 
Service Organization, to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and system based on the applicable trust 
services criteria. The Description presents Microsoft’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the types 
of complementary subservice organization controls assumed in the design of Microsoft’s controls. The Description 
does not disclose the actual controls at the subservice organizations. The Description does not extend to controls 
of the subservice organizations. 
The Description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating 
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Microsoft, to achieve Microsoft’s service commitments and 
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The Description presents Microsoft’s controls, 
the applicable trust services criteria, and the complementary user entity controls assumed in the design of 
Microsoft’s controls. The Description does not extend to controls of the user entities. 
 
 
2 In-scope services are defined in the Software subsection in Section 3 of this SOC 2 Report. These in-scope services are referred to throughout this report as 
“M365 Microservices.” Items relating to the overall Microsoft 365 service will be referred to as “M365.” 
Microsoft Corporation
Tel 425 882 8080
One Microsoft Way
Fax 425 706 7329
Redmond, WA 98052-6399
www.microsoft.com
BE Microsoft


--- Page 11 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 7 
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that: 
a. The Description presents Microsoft’s system that was designed and implemented as of September 30, 2025, in 
accordance with the description criteria. 
b. The controls stated in the Description were suitably designed and implemented as of September 30, 2025, to 
provide reasonable assurance that Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements would be 
achieved based on the applicable trust services criteria, if its controls operated effectively as of that date, and 
if the subservice organizations and user entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of 
Microsoft’s controls as of September 30, 2025.


--- Page 12 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 8 
 
Section 3: 
Management of Microsoft’s Description 
of Its Microsoft 365 Microservices System 
 


--- Page 13 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 9 
Section 3: Management of Microsoft’s Description of Its 
Microsoft 365 Microservices System 
Overview of Operations 
Business Description  
Microsoft Corporation’s (Microsoft) Microsoft 365 Microservices’ systems3 (M365 Microservices) are components 
of Microsoft 365 (M365), a subscription-based business software service hosted by Microsoft and sold directly, or 
with partners, to various customers worldwide. M365 services are designed to provide performance, scalability, 
security, management capabilities, and service levels required for mission-critical applications and systems used 
by business organizations. The scope of this SOC 2 Type 1 attestation is limited to controls covering the 
Microservices systems; however, due to how these systems are hosted within M365’s environment, we deemed it 
necessary to also include a description of those aspects of M365’s environment that directly support the 
Microservices. 
The Microsoft 365 subscription offering comprises many services. Customer-facing and critical services, including 
Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, and Office Online, are tested as part of the M365 Central Services 
reports. This M365 Microservices report includes several backend processes, features, and other supporting 
infrastructure that are part of the M365 subscription but do not offer equally critical functionality as services 
included in the Central reports. Therefore, these services are separately presented in this SOC 2 Type 1 report. 
M365 is physically hosted in Microsoft-managed datacenters. Microsoft Datacenters is managed and run by 
Microsoft Azure, and both Microsoft Datacenters and Microsoft Azure are treated as one subservice organization 
(Azure) but will be referred to separately in this report to clarify which part of the Azure organization is 
responsible for the different services. Both services are not within the scope of this report.  M365 Microservices 
rely on different functions of the M365 Central Services and M365 Microservices Type 2 including, but not limited 
to, data encryption, restorations, security, incident management, and vulnerability scanning. 
Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters, M365 Central Services, and M365 Microservices Type 2 are 
treated as subservice organizations and are not within the scope of this report. 
Applicability of the Report  
This report has been prepared to provide information on M365 Microservices’ internal controls that may be 
relevant to the requirements of its customers and affect the processing of user entities’ transactions. The detail 
herein is intended to meet the common requirements of a broad range of users and may not, therefore, include 
every aspect of the system that each customer may consider important. Furthermore, detail is limited to the 
controls in operation over the system as defined in the M365 scope boundary described below. The authorized 
users of the system supporting the internal controls are limited to M365 personnel.  
 
 
 
 
3 In-scope services are defined in the Software subsection in Section 3 of this SOC 2 Report. These in-scope services are referred to throughout this report as 
“M365 Microservices.” Items relating to the overall Microsoft 365 service will be referred to as “M365.” 


--- Page 14 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 10 
This report covers the following M365 applications and related support services: 
• 
Aesir 
• 
Alchemy 
• 
Bing Teams 
• 
Common Data Platform Front End (CDP FE) 
• 
M365 Content Delivery Network (CDN) 
• 
Exchange Admin Center (EAC) 
• 
M365 Groups Service 
• 
Insights Data Engineering Analytics and 
Systems (IDEAS) 
• 
IDEAs Delivery Service (IDS)  
• 
Kevlar for Windows / Kevlar for Linux 
• 
Microsoft 365 App Catalog Service 
• 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Security and 
Compliance Center (SCC) 
• 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365 
• 
Outlook Diagnostics 
• 
People Profile Event Proxy (PEP) 
• 
Productivity Applications and Services 
• 
Profile Data Roaming Service (PDRS) 
• 
Project for the web 
• 
Microsoft Purview for AI Oversharing 
Assessment 
• 
Suite User Experience (SUE) 
• 
Universal Print 
Infrastructure 
All M365 Microservices are hosted by Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters. This includes: (1) 
Microsoft Datacenters Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and (2) Azure’s IaaS and Platform as a Service (PaaS). 
For Microsoft Datacenters hosting, the physical servers are owned by M365, the operating system (OS) and 
software are managed by M365, and network layer protections are implemented by Microsoft Datacenters. M365 
manages the configuration of the network layer / protection in coordination with Microsoft Datacenters. 
For Azure’s IaaS hosting, M365 is responsible for the OS and database management. For Azure PaaS hosting, 
M365 is responsible for limited configurations of the OS, while Azure is responsible for database and storage 
setup and maintenance, and overall OS setup and protections. Network layer protections are implemented by 
Azure for both IaaS and PaaS and are managed in coordination with Azure.  
In both cases, Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for physical and environmental security. In addition, Azure’s 
PaaS provides customer authentication and rights management services through Microsoft Entra ID (formerly 
Azure Active Directory (AAD)). The controls managed by Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters, are 
audited separately and therefore are not within the scope of this report. 


--- Page 15 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 11 
 
Software 
In-Scope Customer Services 
M365 Microservices includes the following service offerings: 
• 
Aesir – A set of common infrastructure for managing compute resources (including Hauk and Thor). Hauk 
is an API to access data. Thor is a set of APIs that power workplace search experiences across M365 
services. Note: for purposes of this report, Aesir was retired June 2025. 
• 
Alchemy – A backend service API that provides self-help solutions for customer queries for M365 Admin. 
• 
Bing Teams – A set of services related to the Bing platform that perform integration services for other 
M365 services and functions. These services include Microsoft Search in Bing and QueryRewriting / 
Speller. 
• 
Common Data Platform Front End (CDP FE) – A service used as ingestion endpoint for events utilized by 
the Microsoft Purview, Microsoft Priva, and Microsoft Defender for Office solutions. 
• 
M365 Content Delivery Network (CDN) – A secure, unified, resilient, multi-provider CDN solution for 
serving static assets under Microsoft 365 and internal Microsoft workloads. 
 
Microsoft 365 
Software as a Service (SaaS) 
Microsoft Azure 
Platform as a Service (PaaS) 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) 
Aesir
Exchange Admin Center (EAC)
Microsoft 365 App Catalog 
Service
Productivity Applications and 
Services
Alchemy
M365 Groups Service
Microsoft 365 (M365) Security 
and Compliance Center (SCC)
Profile Data Roaming Service 
(PDRS)
Bing Teams
Insights Data Engineering 
Analytics and Systems (IDEAS)
Microsoft Defender for Office 
365
Project for the Web
Common Data Platform Front 
End (CDP FE)
IDEAs Delivery Service (IDS)
Outlook Diagnostics
Microsoft Purview for AI 
Oversharing Assessment
M365 Content Delivery 
Network (CDN)
Kevlar for Windows / Kevlar for 
Linux
People Profile Event Proxy 
(PEP)
Suite User Experience (SUE)
Universal Print


--- Page 16 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 12 
• 
Exchange Admin Center (EAC) – A Web-based management console for managing Exchange. Designed to 
provide an experience that is more aligned with the overall Microsoft 365 admin experience. 
• 
M365 Groups Service – The service that powers the M365 Groups Platform background processing 
scenarios for member and compliance management of Groups. 
• 
Insights Data Engineering Analytics and Systems (IDEAS) – A central data platform, programmability, and 
data science team for E&D and Security and includes the One Customer Voice and One Survey Service. 
• 
IDEAs Delivery Service (IDS) – Enables secure bulk-email sending capabilities via Azure Communication 
Services (ACS) and an integration with Exchange Online. The service uses DomainKeys Identified Mail 
(DKIM) standards to provide email authentication for spam mitigation while also providing telemetry that 
covers email delivery, bounces, views, and clicks. 
• 
Kevlar for Windows / Kevlar for Linux – Non-customer facing internal M365 services that facilitate the 
Kevlar Compliance Pack on both Windows and Linux operating systems, a group of standard baseline 
M365 security and operational components, that each M365 service team can utilize and apply to their 
code change deployments (during the change management process) in order for the code change to 
meet the standardized M365 business compliance policies before it is deployed into the respective team's 
production environment. 
• 
Microsoft 365 App Catalog Service – A centralized platform that manages, and distributes Microsoft 365 
and custom AI application agents for use within the Microsoft 365 services suite.  
• 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Security and Compliance Center (SCC) – A UI portal for administrators to configure 
and review Security and Compliance Features. This portal is utilized by the Microsoft Purview, Microsoft 
Priva, and Microsoft Defender for Office solutions. 
• 
Microsoft Defender for Office 365 – A cloud-based service designed to protect against email threats like 
phishing, business email compromise, and malware. Key features covered in the scope of this report 
include Post Breach, which provides post-delivery detection and alerting to surface post-breach threats to 
customers and Advanced Threat Protection (Dynamic Delivery), which enables emails to be delivered 
immediately while attachments are scanned in the background.  
• 
Outlook Diagnostics – A support service for Exchange. 
• 
People Profile Event Proxy (PEP) – A backend service ensuring freshness of profile data by subscribing to 
profile-change signals, and writing them into the profile storage as they occur. 
• 
Productivity Applications and Services – A collection of services that enhance and augment the features in 
the Office clients. Experiences include: Designer (App, Rendering, PowerPoint Suggestion, Image & Text 
Analysis), M365 Apps Admin services, Admin Controlled Messaging service, Config, Discovery, 
Enrichment, Conversion (Excel, PowerPoint, and Word), Create, Hubble Content and Media, Identity, 
ImageToDoc, InkAI, Insert Media, Intelligent Recommendations, Licensing, Loop , MRO Device Manager, 
Natural Language Editor, PowerPoint Broadcast, PowerPoint Creator, Office Python, Web Rendering 
(PowerPoint and Word), Recent Docs, Redirection, Roaming, Scripts, Shredder, TellMe, Templates, Reply 
At-Mention, M365 Content and Support website. 
• 
Profile Data Roaming Service (PDRS) (formerly Activity Feed Service) – A cloud platform service used to 
synchronize data across devices. 
• 
Project for the Web – Provides simple and powerful, cloud-based work management capabilities for 
project managers and team members to plan and manage work of any size. 
• 
Microsoft Purview for AI Oversharing Assessment – A service which evaluates and alerts SharePoint and 
OneDrive locations for over-permissioned, sensitive, or risk-exposed content to help organizations 
achieve least privilege before enabling AI systems like Copilot. 


--- Page 17 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 13 
• 
Suite User Experience (SUE) – The customer web portal for M365 websites and a web graphical user 
interface (GUI) for users to configure account settings delegated to them by customer administrators. 
• 
Universal Print – Microsoft's cloud print solution that provides secure serverless print from anywhere on 
any device, while reducing time and effort for IT. 
Internal In-Scope Services 
M365 uses the following internal services to support the above offerings: 
• 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Remote Access – A set of servers providing remote access to M365 service 
production environments via authorized two-factor authentication and encryption. 
• 
M365 OneBranch Release (MOBR) – An automated release solution available for internal use by M365 
services. 
• 
Identity Manager (IDM) – An access management service providing an integrated and broad solution for 
managing M365 user identities and associated credentials for all M365 services. 
• 
Exchange Online (EXO) – Responsible for Microsoft’s Outlook email service offering. Many Microsoft 365 
services rely on Exchange’s infrastructure and assets and follow the service’s change management 
process. 
Internal Tools 
In addition to the product software, the following primary utilities are used by the service teams to execute 
controls relevant to the M365 Microservices system. 
• 
Employee Cloud Screening (ECS) – A Human Resources (HR) SAP interface used by Microsoft Human 
Resources that hosts employee background check information that synchronizes with IDM databases to 
limit user access to eligibilities based on background check status. 
• 
Substrate, Office Substrate Pulse (OSP) – Platform and system tools for centrally managing and hosting 
applications and services that are used internally by M365 and by customers.  
• 
Qualys – Scanning systems used to identify and resolve security vulnerabilities within the M365 
environment. 
• 
IDWeb, CoreIdentity, OneIdentity, and Torus – M365 user management tools used to grant temporary 
user access time-bound permissions and access to sensitive systems, including access to customer 
content. 
• 
Remote Desktop Services – The accepted method for Microsoft personnel to gain logical access to the 
M365 environment remotely using Remote Desktop Gateways (RDGs). 
• 
Griffin Azure / Office Supporting Infrastructure (OSI), M365SuiteUX Environments and Release 
Dashboard, PilotFish, and Azure DevOps – Change management tools used by service and support teams 
to track and deploy code changes to production environments.  
• 
Aria, Geneva, Incident Manager (IcM), and Jarvis – Dashboards and alerting systems that monitor the 
capacity and availability of the servers and services based on pre-determined capacity and availability 
thresholds. In the event of a breach of a capacity or availability threshold, automated alerts are generated 
and communicated to the service team’s respective on-call engineer for tracking and remediation. 
Additionally, they provide a visual representation of major / minor system releases across various stages 
including preproduction, testing, and production. 
• 
M365 UAR Tool – A user access review tool designed to enable service teams to identify resources and 
perform a review of privileged access. 


--- Page 18 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 14 
People  
M365 personnel are organized into service teams that develop and maintain the application and the support 
teams that provide supporting services for system operations.  
Each service and support team for M365 has defined responsibilities and accountabilities to manage security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality of the applications. The teams include the following groups: 
• 
Access Security – Personnel that maintain Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure Active Directory (AAD)) 
services, authentication rules, and user access. Operates the IDM tool to provide access control 
automation for all teams. 
• 
Change Management – Development, testing, and project management teams tasked with developing 
and maintaining the M365 applications and supporting services. 
• 
Data Redundancy – Personnel for configuring and monitoring the replication and redundancy of specified 
internal and customer content for data availability, business continuity, and resiliency. 
• 
Security and Availability Monitoring – Personnel that monitor the incidents that affect the security and 
availability of M365 applications and supporting services. 
In addition to service teams, centralized support teams provide specialized functions for the services, including 
the following: 
• 
Enterprise Business Continuity Management (EBCM) – A single resource to assist M365 teams in 
analyzing continuity and disaster recovery requirements, documenting procedures, and conducting 
testing of established procedures. 
• 
M365 Security – Manages cross-platform security functions, such as security incident response, security 
monitoring, and vulnerability scanning. This team also develops and enforces the Secure Development 
Lifecycle process for M365 applications and support services. 
• 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) – Identifies, documents, and advises teams in implementing 
controls to maintain M365’s availability and security commitments to its customers. 
• 
Digital Security and Resilience (DSR) – Provides the access control and authentication mechanism for 
some service teams via IDWeb. 
• 
Azure – Provides customer authentication infrastructure including Microsoft Online Directory Services, 
Microsoft Organization ID, and Microsoft Entra ID (formerly AAD). 
• 
Microsoft 365 (M365) Remote Access – Provides internal users remote access control and authentication 
to the M365 environment. 
Procedures 
M365 adheres to Microsoft Corporation’s Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses: 
• 
Human Resources Security 
• 
Asset Management 
• 
Access Control 
• 
Cryptography 
• 
Physical and Environmental Security 
• 
Operations Security 
• 
Communications Security 
• 
Systems Acquisition, Development, and 
Maintenance 
• 
Supplier Relationships 
• 
Information Security Incident Management 
• 
Business Continuity Management 
• 
Compliance  


--- Page 19 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 15 
M365 uses National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standard 800-53 for baseline control 
procedures, which are documented in the M365 control framework. Control measures above and beyond NIST 
800-53 are included to address the full range of Microsoft contractual and regulatory commitments. The 
framework covers the following areas: 
• 
Access Control 
• 
Accountability, Audit, and Risk 
• 
Authority and Purpose 
• 
Awareness and Training 
• 
Configuration Management 
• 
Contingency Planning 
• 
Data Minimization and Retention 
• 
Data Portability 
• 
Data Quality and Integrity 
• 
Geographic Boundaries 
• 
Identification and Authentication 
• 
Incident Response 
• 
Individual Participation and Redress 
• 
Maintenance 
• 
Media Protection  
• 
Personnel Security 
• 
Physical Access 
• 
Program Management 
• 
Risk Assessment 
• 
Security 
• 
Security Assessment 
• 
Security Planning 
• 
System Access 
• 
System and Communication Security 
• 
System and Information Integrity 
• 
System and Services Acquisition 
• 
Use Limitation 
In addition to the above procedures, manual and automated control activities are described in the section 
“Description of Control Activities” below. 
Data 
M365 customer content is maintained in Azure and SQL server databases. Each service and support team is 
responsible for managing the security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality of the data in Azure or 
on the database servers. The table below details the data classifications for this report and the M365 
environment. 
Data Classification 
Definition 
Access Control Data 
Data used to manage access to administrative roles or sensitive functions. 
Customer Content 
This is the data, information, and code that admins and users provide to, 
transfer in, store in, or process in the Microsoft online service or product. 
End User Identifiable 
Information (EUII) 
Data that directly identifies or could be used to identify the authenticated user 
of a Microsoft service. 
Organization Identifiable 
Information (OII) 
Data that can be used to identify a particular tenant / Azure subscription / 
deployment / organization (generally configuration or usage data): 
− 
Not linkable to an individual user. 
− 
Does not contain customer content. 
System Metadata 
Data generated in the course of running the service, not linkable to a user or 
tenant. Does not contain Access Control Data, Customer Content, EUII, OII, or 
Account Data. 
Account Data 
Contact and billing / purchase / payment / license information for the 
enterprise, including the admin and any subdelegated admins. 


--- Page 20 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 16 
Control Environment  
Integrity and Ethical Values  
Corporate governance at Microsoft starts with a Board of Directors that establishes, maintains, and monitors 
standards and policies for ethics, business practices, and compliance that span the company. Corporate 
governance at Microsoft serves several purposes: 
• 
To establish and preserve management accountability to Microsoft’s owners by distributing rights and 
responsibilities among Microsoft Board members, Managers, and Shareholders. 
• 
To provide a structure through which management and the Board set and attain objectives and monitor 
performance. 
• 
To strengthen and safeguard a culture of business integrity and responsible business practices. 
• 
To encourage the efficient use of resources and to require accountability for the stewardship of these 
resources. 
Further information about Microsoft’s general corporate governance is available on the Microsoft website, 
www.microsoft.com. 
Microsoft’s Standards of Business Conduct  
Microsoft’s Standards of Business Conduct (“SBC”) reflect a commitment to ethical business practices and 
regulatory compliance. They summarize the principles and policies that guide Microsoft’s business activities and 
provide information about Microsoft’s Business Conduct and Compliance Program. The SBC was developed in full 
consideration of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley”) and NASDAQ listing requirements related to 
codes of conduct. 
Further information about Microsoft’s SBC is available on the Microsoft website, www.microsoft.com.  
Training and Accountability  
M365 leverages the SBC to provide employees with education and resources to make informed business decisions 
and to act on their decisions with integrity. SBC training and awareness is provided to Microsoft employees 
(including M365), contractors, and third parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on applicable policies, 
standards, and information security practices. Full-time employees must also take a mandatory SBC training 
course upon being hired and again on an annual basis thereafter. In addition, employees are required to 
participate in mandatory security and compliance training periodically to design, build, and operate secure cloud 
services. 
M365 staff and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the 
Microsoft Security Policy and applicable supporting standards. Individuals not employed by M365, but allowed to 
access, manage, or process information assets of M365, are also accountable for understanding and adhering to 
the guidance contained in the Microsoft Security Policy and associated standards. 
Commitment to Competence  
Microsoft hiring managers define job requirements prior to recruiting, interviewing, and hiring. Job requirements 
include the primary responsibilities and tasks involved in the job, background characteristics needed to perform 
the job, and personal characteristics required. Once the requirements are determined, managers create a job 
description, which is a profile of the job, and is used to identify potential candidates. When viable candidates are 
identified, the interview process begins to evaluate candidates and to make appropriate hiring decisions. 
Microsoft employees create individual accountabilities that align with those of their managers, organizations, and 
Microsoft, and are supported by customer-centric actions and measures so that everyone is working toward the 


--- Page 21 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 17 
same overarching vision. Accountabilities are established when an employee is hired and then updated 
throughout the year according to business circumstances.  
Managers work with their employees to analyze progress against accountabilities and to adjust accountabilities, if 
needed, several times throughout the year. Managers evaluate individual contributions to teams, the business, or 
customer impact, taking into consideration contributions aimed at creating a high performing team and the 
demonstration of competencies relevant to the role. 
Compliance and Ethics — Board of Directors and Senior Leadership  
Compliance and Ethics designs and provides reports to the Board of Directors on compliance matters. Compliance 
and Ethics also organizes annual meetings with the Senior Leadership team for its compliance review. 
Internal Audit Department  
Microsoft has an Internal Audit (IA) function that reports directly to the Audit Committee (AC) of the Board of 
Directors, which is constituted solely of independent directors. IA has a formal charter that is reviewed by the AC 
and management. The responsibilities of IA include performing audits and reporting issues and recommendations 
to management and the AC. 
Audit Committee 
The AC charter and responsibilities are on Microsoft’s website, www.microsoft.com. The AC meets privately on a 
quarterly basis with Microsoft’s external auditors and IA. The topics for the quarterly AC meetings are found in 
the AC Responsibilities Calendar set out in the charter. In addition, the AC influences the company through the IA 
function. The AC reviews the scope of IA and advises on the process of identifying and resolving issues. Lastly, the 
AC monitors itself by completing an annual self-evaluation. 
Risk Assessment 
Practices for Identification of Risk 
IA, the Financial Compliance group, and the Finance Risk group perform formal risk identification processes each 
year. These assessments cover risks over financial reporting, fraud, and compliance with laws. 
Internal Audit — Fraud Risks  
IA and the Financial Integrity Unit (FIU) look for fraud risk. The FIU performs procedures for the detection, 
investigation, and prevention of financial fraud affecting Microsoft worldwide. Fraud and abuse that is uncovered 
are reported to the Disclosure Committee. The FIU provides both a reactive and proactive response to allegations 
of fraud and abuse. The FIU uses a case management system that is also used by the Director of Compliance to 
track cases and related metrics. The FIU interacts with Microsoft management, Corporate, External, and Legal 
Affairs (CELA), HR, Finance, Procurement, and others to determine specific fraud risks and responses. 
Periodic Risk Assessment 
IA and other groups within the company perform periodic risk assessments. The assessments are reviewed by 
senior management. 
IA specialization area leaders determine high-priority risks across the company, including risks related to financial 
reporting, operational business processes, and systems controls. Control failures are also analyzed to determine 
whether they give rise to additional risks. 


--- Page 22 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 18 
Annual Risk Assessment  
The annual risk assessment process is established to monitor, manage, and mitigate specific business risks related 
to security for customers and partners. Led by the Risk Management office, Microsoft follows an established 
approach to risk management and conducts an annual global risk assessment beginning in the first quarter of 
each fiscal year. The purpose of the annual risk assessment is to identify and prioritize each division’s specific 
strategic and operational risks based on impact, likelihood, and management control. Additionally, accountability 
is established for each risk and mitigation decisions are made at the Corporate Vice President level with 
transparency across the leadership team. 
Compliance and Ethics / IA / Risk Management — Risk Responsibility 
The responsibility for risk is distributed throughout the organization based on each individual group’s services. 
Compliance and Ethics, IA, and the Risk Management Group work together to represent enterprise risk 
management. Through quarterly and year-end reviews, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Corporate Controller 
(and respective groups) review the disclosures and issues that may have arisen. 
Information and Communication 
Internal Communication  
Responsibilities concerning internal control are communicated broadly, which include Monthly Controller calls, All 
Hands Meetings run by the CFO, and update conference calls held by the Financial Compliance Group with the 
Sarbanes-Oxley extended project team. Responsibilities for compliance with policies are set out in the SBC, for 
which a mandatory training has been established for all employees. Additionally, compliance managers meet with 
control owners to make sure they understand the controls for which they are accountable and update the 
controls based on changes in the business environment. 
Office of the CFO — Communications External to the Company 
CFO communications outside the company occur throughout the year and, where applicable, these external 
communications include discussions of the company’s attitude toward sound internal controls. The Office of the 
CFO is responsible for several communications outside of Microsoft including quarterly earnings releases, 
financial analyst meetings, customer visits, outside conferences, and external publications. 
Monitoring 
Compliance and Ethics — Business Conduct Hotline  
There is a confidential and anonymous Business Conduct Hotline available for employees to report issues. The 
hotline is accessible 24 hours per day and 7 days per week through email, phone, fax, the Microsoft Integrity Web 
site, and mail. The individual may also send a letter or fax reporting the concern to Microsoft’s Director of 
Compliance. Employees are instructed that it is their duty to promptly report concerns of suspected or known 
violations of the Code of Professional Conduct, the SBC, or other Microsoft policies or guidelines. The procedures 
to be followed for such a report are outlined in the SBC and the Whistle Blowing Reporting Procedure and 
Guidelines in the Employee Handbook. Employees are also encouraged to communicate the issue to their 
Manager, Senior Leadership, CELA contact, HR contact, or the Compliance Office. 
Internal Audit  
Microsoft’s IA department provides support to management across the company by independently and 
objectively analyzing whether the objectives of management are adequately performed, as well as facilitating 


--- Page 23 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 19 
process improvements and the adoption of business practices, policies, and controls governing worldwide 
operations. 
Monitoring of Subservice Organizations 
M365 Microservices uses the following subservice organizations: 
• 
Microsoft Azure, including the Microsoft Datacenters service, which manages datacenters, IaaS, and PaaS 
supporting services for the M365 Microservices applications including the hosting of physical and virtual 
servers, network management, data protection, and storage services, as well as M365, which provides 
supporting services to the M365 Microservices.  
• 
M365 Central Services and M365 Microservices Type 2, which provide subscription-based access to a 
suite of online productivity applications and services for home and business use. 
The M365 GRC team is responsible for identifying dependencies of each service and monitoring the organizations’ 
implementation of agreed-upon security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls. 
Dependencies are documented in Inter-Service Agreements. Monitoring includes, but is not limited to, the review 
of third-party service auditor reports and discussions with subservice organization management.  
A brief overview of the subservice organizations used by M365 Microservices is below. 
Organization 
Brief Description 
Microsoft Azure, including 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Microsoft Azure’s cloud Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) offerings are used by 
M365 to host production data and handle logical access and change 
management (data protection) controls for M365 Microservices. 
Microsoft Datacenters’ Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) offerings are used 
by M365 to host physical and virtual servers, network management, and 
system data storage. Microsoft Datacenters also handles physical and 
environmental security controls for M365 Microservices.  
M365 Central Services and 
M365 Microservices Type 2 
M365 Microservices uses M365 Central Services’ shared services and 
supporting technology to support the IT environment including logical access, 
server baselines, incident management, restoration of customer content, and 
vulnerability scanning. 
M365 uses M365 Microservices Type 2 shared services and supporting 
technology to support the IT environment including data encryption and data 
segregation for data at rest and in motion. M365 Microservices Type 2 is also 
responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy. 
System Incidents 
There were no significant system incidents identified that (a) were the result of controls that were not suitably 
designed or operating effectively to achieve one or more of the service commitments and system requirements 
or (b) otherwise resulted in a significant failure in the achievement of one or more of those service commitments 
and system requirements as of September 30, 2025. 
Significant Changes 
The Cortana, Microsoft Mesh, and OMAHA service offerings were deprecated and did not exist as of September 
30, 2025, and as such no testing was done by the auditor. Additionally, the Aesir service was deprecated in June 


--- Page 24 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 20 
2025 and did not exist as of September 30, 2025. However, testing for Aesir was performed prior to deprecation. 
There were no other changes that are likely to affect report users’ understanding of how the system is used to 
provide the service since the last issued report as of September 30, 2024. Please see the Software section above 
for details over the in-scope services. 
Description of Control Activities 
This report leverages the TSP Section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing 
Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy, (AICPA, Trust Services Criteria). The description of control activities relevant 
to the trust criteria are included below. Additionally, the criteria for each principle and the relevant M365 
Microservices controls in place to satisfy the criteria are included as a separate matrix and are an integral part of 
the description of the system.  
Business Planning 
The M365 planning process is driven by product updates and releases. Senior management defines the vision and 
strategy for the overall M365 product on an annual basis. During this process, senior management considers its 
high-level commitments and requirements to security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality in a 
series of planning meetings and communicates the output to M365 personnel through a strategy memo. The 
M365 Development and Project Management team leads also consider their teams’ commitments to security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality on a more specific level and communicate the outcome in 
component planning meetings. These commitments are then converted into design considerations for 
implementation during the product releases. Implementation of these requirements is advised by the M365 
Security team, which is responsible for overseeing security issues, system operation, and service availability within 
the M365 environment. In addition, an M365 GRC risk team has been defined and is responsible for management 
of security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls within the M365 environment. Finally, 
service teams have personnel who are responsible for system operation, service availability, and control 
implementation. Each team works to implement and maintain the commitments for security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality.  
Performance Review 
Microsoft employees create individual accountabilities that align with those established for their manager, 
organization, and Microsoft. Each accountability is supported with customer-centric actions and measures so that 
M365 personnel are working toward the same overarching vision. Accountabilities are established when an 
employee is hired and then updated throughout the year according to business needs.  
Periodically, performance reviews, called "Connects", are held between employees and their managers, during 
which progress is analyzed against accountabilities and accountabilities are adjusted, if needed. The manager 
evaluates the individual’s contributions to the team and business or customer impact, taking into consideration 
contributions towards creating a high-performing team and the demonstration of competencies relevant to their 
role.  
Standards of Business Conduct  
M365 leverages the SBC to provide employees with education and resources to make informed business decisions 
and act on their decisions with integrity. SBC training and awareness is provided to Microsoft employees 
(including M365), contractors, and third parties on an ongoing basis to educate them on applicable policies, 
standards, and information security practices. Full-time employees must also take a mandatory SBC training 
course upon being hired and again on an annual basis thereafter. In addition, employees are required to 


--- Page 25 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 21 
participate in mandatory security and compliance training periodically in order to design, build, and operate 
secure cloud services. 
Background Checks  
Background checks are required and renewed every 2 years for all full-time employees (FTEs) and vendors 
internationally, as permitted by the laws of each country, before access is granted to certain eligibilities within 
each workstream.  
Microsoft full-time employees request background checks, when necessary, through the OSP employee portal. A 
notification is sent to the requesting employee’s manager for approval. If approved, a notification email is sent to 
Microsoft HR to process a background check for the requesting employee. When the background check is 
complete, HR enters the results into SAP. 
For vendors and contractors, vendor companies are responsible for completing a valid background check for each 
contracted vendor. Once completed, Microsoft receives an attestation letter from the vendor company 
confirming the completion and pass status of the vendor’s background check. Once the background check 
validation is received, Microsoft enters relevant information into SAP through the ECS interface. Background 
check information for FTEs and vendors is pushed from SAP to an IDM database, after which the IDM tool checks 
for employee background check information before access to M365 cloud environments can be requested by the 
employee. Full and incremental sync jobs run to keep the data used by the IDM tool current. 
Service administrators configure requirements, including background checks, for eligibilities within each 
workstream. If no background check is on file, or if a background check has expired, the user receives an error 
indicating that the employee does not have the required background check, thus preventing the employee or 
vendor from obtaining those eligibilities. 
System Description  
Information regarding the design and operation of M365, including Service Level Agreements (SLAs), is available 
to customers on the Internet in many locations, including www.microsoft.com. Additional system description 
details are available for customers and potential customers through third-party audit and attestation reports, as 
well as control documentation, through the Service Trust Portal in the Admin Portal. A specific view of the M365 
environment is used internally to analyze key processes for system operation. 
Customer Commitments and Responsibilities  
Externally, M365 communicates its commitments, including those related to regulations, security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality to customers through contracts and SLAs. Internally, these commitments 
are reflected in a control framework, which is refreshed on an annual basis with control owners. These 
commitments and the associated control framework are distributed to M365 employees through policies, 
training, and GRC Office Hours (“Office Hours”). Office Hours are weekly time slots set aside during which M365 
teams may speak with the GRC team to discuss topics including security, availability, and regulatory information, 
and how that information could impact their relevant areas of the control framework. 
In addition to communicating commitments to its customers, M365 communicates the responsibilities of the 
customer to use the services. These responsibilities are described in SLAs, contracts, audit and attestation reports 
issued by independent auditors, and through descriptions available on Microsoft websites. 
Policies  
All Microsoft 365 staff and contingent staff are accountable for understanding and adhering to the guidance 
contained in the Microsoft Security Policy and applicable supporting standards. Individuals not employed by 
Microsoft but allowed to access, manage, or process information assets of Microsoft are also accountable for 
understanding and adhering to the guidance contained in the Security Policy and Standards. This policy defines 


--- Page 26 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 22 
accountability and responsibility for implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It 
addresses asset classification, risk assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, 
exceptions, training, and where to go for additional information. The policy is available on the Microsoft intranet.  
Security and Availability Incident Communication  
M365 has established incident response procedures and centralized tracking tools, which consist of different 
channels for reporting production system incidents and weaknesses. Security and availability monitoring tools 
include Aria, Geneva, Incident Manager (IcM), Jarvis, Vanquish, and Office Substrate Pulse. Incidents may also be 
reported via email by different M365 teams or Microsoft groups, such as the specific application and supporting 
services teams, Azure teams, or Microsoft Datacenters teams. The security teams operate 24x7x365 event / 
incident monitoring and response services. External users may communicate security and availability incidents to 
Microsoft and receive updates through Customer Support, the online customer portal, or the customer service 
number.  
Service Infrastructure and Support Systems Change Management 
Communication 
Customers may view prior or upcoming upgrades and changes to the M365 service infrastructure in the Microsoft 
365 Admin Center. In addition, M365 customers receive notifications of major changes prior to change 
implementation through the customer portal. See the section “Service Infrastructure and Support Systems 
Change Management” below for a description of the overall infrastructure and application change management 
process. 
Risk Assessment – M365 
M365 performs an annual risk assessment that covers security, continuity, and operational risks. As part of this 
process, threats to security are identified and the risk from these threats is formally assessed. The information 
gained from the assessment is used to create and prioritize work items. 
M365 is represented on the Operational Enterprise Risk Management (OERM) Governance Committee by the 
M365 Risk Management Office. For M365 the risk review is done annually, beginning in August. M365 risk 
management contacts the M365 GRC working group directly for updates to the overall environment and 
discussion of risk issues identified during the assessment process. The result of these procedures is a report sent 
to the Corporate Vice President of the Office Product Group for review and approval. M365 risk management also 
sends information to the OERM for inclusion in the annual report that is sent to the Microsoft Board of Directors 
in December. 
Control Design and Implementation  
Based on the risk assessment performed, control activities are put in place within the M365 control framework. 
This framework is managed by the M365 GRC group and is evaluated and updated on an ongoing basis. This 
evaluation includes input from changes to the overall M365 environment, the regulatory landscape, and results of 
control assessments. 
Implementation of the control activities is the responsibility of each of the M365 application and supporting 
service teams. 
Data Flow Diagrams 
Data flow diagrams showing M365 system interactions and dependencies are maintained for each service. On an 
annual basis, these diagrams are updated by GRC personnel with the input of relevant service teams. This is done 
to provide up to date M365 system design information to M365 personnel to provide them with an 


--- Page 27 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 23 
understanding of their role in the system and additional background for addressing system security, availability, 
processing integrity, and confidentiality-related issues. 
Control Monitoring 
The design and implementation of security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality controls are 
analyzed by a third party at least once per year. These assessments include external (e.g., ISO and FedRAMP 
audits) and internal evaluations (e.g., risk assessments and vulnerability scans). The results and findings from 
these assessments are addressed with corrective actions, which are tracked by the M365 GRC team to 
substantiate that they are addressed in a timely manner. 
Access Management 
All access to customer content is governed by the IDM service and follows the Just-in-Time access described 
within this report. Service teams may use other identity access management tools to manage access to internal 
tools and systems that do not store customer content.  
Identity Access Management 
M365 owns and manages tools that regulate access to M365 production environments. Most service teams use 
the IDM access management service to limit access to authorized users. The service, managed by the Access 
Control team, allows each of the other service teams to manage their respective AD clusters for their respective 
environment. Several backend processes synchronize with other internal Microsoft tools, such as Microsoft HR 
department systems, to check that user information (e.g., employment status, manager, cost center, background 
check information) meets predefined requirements. Users who meet predefined criteria are able to request 
access to certain eligibilities, and access is only granted after approval. 
Some access is regulated outside the IDM service via other tools and processes; however, the functionality and 
processes are the same. These tools include IDWeb, CoreIdentity, and OneIdentity. Additionally, for Microsoft 365 
OneBranch Release (MOBR), access is regulated by Azure. 
New User or Modification of User Access 
The process to request and approve new access via access management tools is managed through automated 
workflows configured within these tools. The systems automatically route access requests to the requestor’s 
manager for approval. Users who meet specified requirements (e.g., active user, active manager, applicable cost 
center, or background check) can request specific access rights within each environment. User requests trigger 
notifications to the user’s manager via email of a pending access request requiring manager approval. No access 
is provisioned within production environments until manager approval is obtained.  
There are certain groups, roles, or entitlements that fall outside the automated provisioning processes described 
above. In each case users must still submit access requests, and each request must be approved before the access 
is manually provisioned. 
For external users (customer entities), when a new customer is added to the M365 service, they are provided 
with an initial account for system setup. The provisioning of users and deactivation of users is the responsibility of 
the customer entity.  
Termination Access Removal 
When individuals leave the company, Microsoft HR updates the terminated employees’ details in the HR system, 
which syncs to access management tools via backend tasks. Access for terminated employees is then removed 


--- Page 28 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 24 
from respective service production environments. Without the appropriate entitlements, the user cannot access 
services within the M365 environment.  
Periodic User Access Review 
Services using the automated access provisioning processes above rely on workflows within the systems to 
automatically revoke user access based on the following criteria: 
• 
Inactivity – after 35 days of inactivity, the user’s account is disabled.   
• 
Manager Change – when a user’s manager and / or cost center has changed, users must re-request 
access using the same process described above, and the new manager must approve the user’s 
requested access.  
• 
Group Predefined Expiration – where applicable, services have security groups that have a set expiration 
period from when an account was granted access to the group. 
Periodic reviews, both manual and automated, are conducted to verify that each user's access remains relevant 
and aligns with their job responsibilities. Some of these reviews use the automated M365 UAR Tool, while others 
are tracked manually by the services. 
Just-in-Time Access 
Just-in-Time (JIT) tools allow individuals to request temporary elevated access privileges on an as-needed basis to 
limited areas within the respective service team’s associated production environments.  
Each tool follows a similar process before granting temporary elevated access to requesting engineers. 
Automated configurations within each tool notify the submitting user’s manager with details of the access 
requested. If approved, the requesting user is granted access on a temporary basis, and the tool automatically 
removes the requested access based on built-in functionality within the tool. In certain cases, an engineer may 
receive a one-time preapproval for access elevations to specific areas within an environment; however, the access 
is still temporary in duration. Additionally, each elevation is logged and retained by the service team for incident 
evaluations. 
Developer Access to Production 
Using the access tools described above, the service teams have restricted access to appropriate personnel, 
including the enforcement of segregation between developers and operations personnel. 
Select service teams allow developers temporary access to production using the JIT tools and approval processes 
described above. Developer access is limited to specific areas of the environment for deployment or operations 
purposes. These limitations are enforced using Torus, a Remote PowerShell tool. Torus allows for the restriction 
of access to specific commands that can be run in the service team’s environment and requires approvals for each 
command being requested. The Torus request and approval process is managed by the JIT tools described above. 
For requests to make changes to production code or data by a developer or operator, an associated deployment 
request ticket must be provided and approved by a separate individual. 
Authentication  
Internal users are authenticated using Remote Desktop Services and must be authenticated using a two-factor 
authentication mechanism that includes a smartcard with PIN to log into the RDG. After logging in to the RDG, the 
user must enter his / her production account user ID and password to access production servers. The corporate 
password requirements are defined and configured within code and passwords are automatically generated. 
These requirements include password complexity, length, history, and duration. Additionally, internal users can 
gain temporary access to elevated roles allowing access to customer content via the JIT methods described 
above. For those services that only use JIT elevations to access the environment with no standing access, there 


--- Page 29 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 25 
are requirements built into the JIT tools for generating one-time complex passwords for authenticating into these 
environments. 
For external users, Microsoft provides various options to enable the authentication mechanism for end users and 
M365 customers. Each external entity is responsible for substantiating that the mechanism is configured and 
operating, as well as enforcing the use of strong passwords. 
Mobile Devices 
For Microsoft employees and other internal users, access to M365 applications and supporting services 
infrastructure through mobile devices is restricted and managed by the Microsoft Datacenters group.  
External users will go through the same authentication process to access M365 applications regardless of device. 
The external users’ access is managed and configured by the customer. 
Data Management 
Data Transmission (Encryption) 
Encryption between Microsoft employee and Datacenter connection 
RDG connections are configured to establish Transport Layer Security (TLS) connections between the internal 
users and the server. The Transport Layer Security (TLS) key management utilizes Federal Information Processing 
Standard (FIPS) 140-2 / 140-3 validated cryptographic modules. 
Additionally, access to the M365 applications and support services environments by Microsoft employees to both 
the RDG and the service servers is encrypted using the defined encryption settings and protocols described 
above. This encryption is managed by the M365 Remote Access team.  
Encryption between client and Microsoft Datacenter connection 
Based on the customer’s data connection request, the encrypted connection is configured through the Microsoft 
network between the client and the desired M365 application and support services. The encryption levels are set 
by the customer, but each M365 service team has a specified and maintained listing of allowable encryption 
protocols that the customer may use. 
Encryption between Microsoft Datacenters 
Each service team is responsible for establishing secured and encrypted connections across datacenters. Teams 
that use an Azure PaaS subscription rely on Azure to configure and manage encryption settings. 
Server Build-out Process 
M365 has a defined server build-out process to deploy and configure new servers and rebuild existing servers. As 
part of the server build-out process, each service team performs the following: 
• 
Connect the server to the specified domain. 
• 
Install antimalware agents to get up to date antimalware signature files and definitions.  
• 
Install a server agent to collect server activities and upload the logs to the Security Incident Response 
(SIR) team databases for security assessment activities. 
After the base server image is applied and the related build-out process is finished, quality assurance reviews are 
conducted to validate that the server build-out process completed as expected. The quality assurance review 
follows a process for server build-out compliance:  


--- Page 30 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 26 
Automated build-out tool  
Application and supporting service teams that leverage an automated build-out and deployment process utilize a 
scan performed by the deployment tool to substantiate the build had completed successfully. If there is a failure, 
the tool attempts to redeploy the build until successful. 
Certain services leverage Microsoft’s Azure PaaS offerings for server build-out and management. Teams who use 
Azure IaaS with customized server images maintain, update, and test server images as part of the deployment 
process. Once the server image has been tested, it is provided to Azure for actual deployment. 
Antimalware 
 
Through the server build-out process, each application and supporting service has an antimalware agent installed. 
The antimalware agent is configured to obtain the latest available definition files on a master antimalware server. 
If there are issues related to the agent synchronization process with the master server, the individual server’s 
antimalware agent automatically notifies the SIR team, and the reported issue is analyzed and resolved. 
Data at Rest (Encryption) 
Customer content at rest in the M365 environment is encrypted at rest utilizing full disk encryption or file level 
encryption. The data is encrypted through the use of BitLocker for disk level encryption and custom code built 
into the applications and supporting services for file level encryption. Additionally, teams that store data on Azure 
Blob storage utilize Azure’s built-in encryption at rest. 
Data Segregation 
Customer content is stored and processed on a shared database, which is logically segregated using program logic 
and a different customer identifier.  
Service Infrastructure and Support Systems Change Management 
Service- and support-related changes follow an established change management process for the M365 
environment. Each change is tracked within identified ticketing systems, which contain information that can be 
linked to approval and testing details related to the change. These ticketing systems are listed in the Software 
section above. Appropriate authorizations and approvals needed for the changes being made to these 
environments are defined in the tickets.  
When service teams or customer representatives enter a request for a change to the M365 environment in the 
change management systems, a representative of the relevant workstream is charged with addressing the change 
request. If a code modification is required, the addressor will perform a pull request, which replicates the master 
branch’s code and allows the user to perform necessary code modifications without disrupting the live code 
running in production. Each individual change or addition made to address the change request is subject to a peer 
review in which another workstream representative reviews and approves the individual code changes. Once a 
change is peer reviewed and approved, it is checked into a build, along with other changes that are currently in 
the workstream’s deployment process. Each build is subject to security and static analysis testing to test for the 
presence of security vulnerabilities. Except for specific scenarios, M365 environment change management 
processes require 100% testing pass rates prior to moving forward in the deployment process. When a build 
successfully completes security testing, it is deployed to preproduction environments for integration testing. 
Builds can be independently deployed to the preproduction environments or multiple builds can be aggregated 
into a “release,” which is subject to integration testing. Code that has successfully completed all testing types is 
then deployed to the master code repository and is recognized as the newest version of the workstream’s source 
code. There are generally three types of preproduction environments, or “rings,” for ring validation integration 
testing: 


--- Page 31 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 27 
• 
Microsoft DogFood: The workstream’s initial test ring consisting of a subset of Microsoft employees and 
customers who test changes on Microsoft’s behalf. 
• 
Microsoft Internal IT (MSIT): The MSIT ring allows the release to be subject to testing by all Microsoft 
employees. 
• 
Slice in Production (SIP): Once the release is successfully integrated into the MSIT ring, it is moved into 
the SIP environment, which consists of about 5% worldwide customers who have decided to opt in and 
are able to provide feedback. 
Certain types of changes in M365 change management systems are subject to additional review and approval 
processes, dependent on the nature of the change. The four approval levels based on the nature and impact of 
the change have been included below: 
• 
Auto-approval – A set of preapproved, low-risk standard changes. 
• 
Functional (Peer) Approval – Standard changes with a slightly higher level of risk. 
• 
Change Advisory Board Approval – Changes with the potential for high risk and high impact. 
• 
Emergency Change Advisory Board Approval – A risk that must be remediated timely, such as an out of-
band security patch. 
M365 service teams use a variety of tools to deploy changes to Azure. The ability to deploy code is restricted to 
appropriate build deployers using a combination of IDM, Torus, and Lockbox permissions. 
Security Development Lifecycle 
M365 environments follow the standard Microsoft Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) process which includes, 
at a minimum, risk assessment, testing, approval, and documentation. The SDL process includes security 
development requirements, which are intended to reduce the number of security-related bugs that appear in the 
design, code, and documentation associated with a software release, as well as to detect and remove those bugs 
as early in the SDL as possible. 
Risk assessment and design review occurs in a Change Advisory Board entitled “CAB Office Hours” whose 
members formally “Approve” or “Deny” any major or significant change prior to implementation. Members 
include representatives from Compliance, Security, and Microsoft Legal teams. 
Testing, including code reviews, occurs during the development and build processes. Results of the tests, reviews, 
and approvals are tracked through ticketing systems used by each team. These ticketing systems are listed in the 
Software section above. 
Availability Monitoring 
M365 applications and supporting services utilize different tools to monitor and evaluate their service’s health 
(i.e., capacity, resiliency, and availability). These tools are configured to automatically alert assigned team 
members of issues impacting service health. For each service team, there are 24x7 On-Call Engineers, or “OCEs”, 
that monitor and resolve the issues that are reported or identified. Each service utilizes their own custom tools to 
monitor their respective service’s health. These tools are described in the Software section of the report above. 
In addition to the above monitoring, M365 senior management reviews capacity, availability, and resiliency 
reports from the above tools, for anomalies and deviations that could impact availability. On at least a monthly 
basis, M365 teams prepare an overview of the service team’s capacity, availability, and resiliency from the prior 
month. This overview presents the root cause of anomalies or deviations to senior management. Based on the 
meeting, issues or changes to capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 


--- Page 32 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 28 
Data Replication and Data Redundancy 
The M365 Microservices teams defined in this report use Azure for data replication and redundancy services. 
Where applicable, Azure performs replication and redundancy of customer content.  
Business Continuity 
The majority of M365 service teams participate in the Enterprise Business Continuity Management (EBCM) 
program that uses a common set of criteria to determine the relevancy and frequency of failover exercises. 
Teams not yet integrated into the EBCM process perform periodic failover testing. Where relevant, failover 
exercises are conducted on a regular basis to test applications and related data to verify the accessibility at a 
secondary disaster recovery location. The frequency of conducting failover exercises, as well as the recovery time 
objectives (RTOs) for each application and support service, are based on the nature and criticality of the systems. 
The RTOs are developed as part of the overall M365 Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning. The 
primary objective of conducting failover exercises is to test whether the RTOs may be met in case of a disaster. 
Issues identified as part of the failover tests are tracked to ultimate resolution. 
Customer Termination 
Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and SLAs. Customers are responsible for the upload / download and management of 
data stored within the M365 environments related to confidentiality. 
Processing and Data Integrity 
M365 processes data uploaded and managed by the customers per agreed upon processes and procedures. As 
part of the geographic replication process, data being replicated between datacenters is monitored for 
completeness and accuracy. 
Confidentiality 
As described in the Customer Termination section customer content is retained after termination of M365 
subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the customer in the contract and SLAs. Customers are 
responsible for the upload / download and management of data stored within the M365 environments related to 
confidentiality.  
M365 will remove customer content per contract agreements based on customer account status (e.g., 
Terminated, Suspended). 
Trust Criteria and Related Control Activities  
Trust criteria mapped to the related control activities is documented below under “Trust Services Criteria and 
M365 Microservices Control Activities provided by Microsoft.” The testing procedures performed over the related 
control activities are listed below. These control activities include preventive, detective, and corrective policies 
and procedures that help M365 identify, decrease, manage, and respond to risk in a timely manner.  
Principal Service Commitments and System Requirements 
Microsoft makes service commitments to its customers and has established system requirements as part of the 
M365 service. Some of these commitments are principal to the performance of the service and relate to 
applicable trust services criteria. M365 is responsible for its service commitments and system requirements and 


--- Page 33 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 29 
for designing, implementing, and operating effective controls within the system to provide reasonable assurance 
that M365’s service commitments and system requirements are achieved. 
Service commitments to customers are documented and communicated in Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and 
other customer agreements such as the Microsoft Product Terms (formerly called Online Service Terms), Data 
Protection Addendum (DPA), Microsoft Privacy Statement, and Microsoft Trust Center, as well as in the 
description of the service offering provided online. Service commitments include, but are not limited to, the 
following: 
• 
Security: M365 has made commitments related to securing customer data and complying with relevant 
laws and regulations. These commitments are addressed through measures including data encryption, 
authentication mechanisms, physical security and other relevant security controls. 
• 
Availability: M365 has made commitments related to percentage uptime and connectivity as well as 
commitments related to service credits for instances of downtime. 
• 
Processing Integrity: M365 has made commitments related to processing customer actions completely, 
accurately and timely. These customer actions include, for example, specifying geographic regions for the 
storage and processing of customer data. 
• 
Confidentiality: M365 has made commitments related to maintaining the confidentiality of customers’ 
data through data classification policies, data encryption, and other relevant security controls.  
Microsoft has established operational requirements that support the achievement of service commitments, 
relevant laws and regulations, and other system requirements. Such requirements include the following: 
• 
Information security policies define an organization-wide approach to how systems and data are protected. 
These include policies around how the service is designed and developed, how the system is operated, how 
the internal business systems and networks are managed, and how employees are hired and trained.  
• 
In addition to these policies, standard operating procedures are documented on how to carry out specific 
manual and automated processes required in the operation and development of various M365 services 
and offerings. 
• 
Procedures are in place so that the access, collection, use, and deletion of customer data is in accordance 
with the service commitments. 
• 
Policies and instructions for controlling and monitoring third parties (e.g. service providers or suppliers) 
whose services contribute to the provision of the cloud service are documented and communicated. 
• 
M365 services are designed to maintain high availability through redundancy and replication. 
• 
Critical systems are monitored through third-party and internal tools to maintain availability. 
• 
Access to physical and logical assets is limited to authorized users and is provisioned based on job 
requirements to mitigate risk of unauthorized access. 
• 
Incidents impacting internal and customer systems are detected, escalated, and resolved. 
• 
Development of new features and major changes to M365 services are performed in accordance with 
policies and procedures. 
• 
Once Microsoft becomes aware of a breach of security that would impact customers, professional services, 
or personal data, Microsoft will (1) notify impacted customers of the security incident, (2) investigate the 
security incident and provide the details to the impacted customer, and (3) take reasonable steps to 
mitigate the incident. 


--- Page 34 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 30 
Such requirements are communicated in M365’s system policies and procedures, system design documentation, 
and contracts with customers. Microsoft’s service commitments and system requirements are designed based on 
the trust services criteria relevant to security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality, and other 
frameworks. 
 
 


--- Page 35 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 31 
Complementary User Entity Controls (CUECs) 
M365 Microservices transaction processing and the controls over that processing, were designed with the 
assumption that certain controls are in operation within the user entity organizations. This section describes 
those controls that should be in operation at user entity organizations to complement the controls of M365 
Microservices. The following list contains controls that M365 Microservices assumes their user entities have 
implemented. Note: There are certain gaps in control activity numbering as a result of updates to the control 
environment and supporting policies and procedures. Thus, the following control numbers are intentionally 
omitted: CUEC-05 and CUEC-09. User organization auditors should determine whether the user entities have 
established sufficient controls in these areas: 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 Control Criteria 
CUEC-01: User entities properly authorize users who are 
granted access to the resources and monitor continued 
appropriateness of access. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, CC6.3, CC6.6 
CUEC-02: User entities establish proper controls over the 
use of system IDs and passwords. 
 
CC6.6, CC6.7 
CUEC-03: User entities are responsible for managing their 
users’ password authentication mechanism. 
CC6.6 
 
CUEC-04: User entities enforce desired level of encryption 
for network sessions. 
CC6.1, CC6.6, CC6.7, C1.1 
CUEC-06: User entities secure the software and hardware 
used to access M365. 
CC6.1, CC6.3, CC6.6, CC6.7, CC6.8, CC7.1, A1.2 
CUEC-07: User entities conduct end-user training. 
CC7.2, CC9.2 
CUEC-08: User entities are responsible for reporting any 
identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 
CC3.2, CC7.2, CC7.3, CC7.4, CC7.5, CC9.2, PI1.1 
CUEC-10: User entities are responsible for understanding 
and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, 
availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 
CC2.3, CC6.5, CC6.7, CC7.5, PI1.1, PI1.5 
CUEC-11: User entities are responsible for managing their 
data inputs and data uploads to M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 
PI1.2 
CUEC-12: User entities are responsible for managing their 
data processing within M365 for completeness, accuracy, 
and timeliness. 
PI1.1, PI1.2, PI1.3 
CUEC-13: User entities are responsible for managing their 
stored data for completeness and accuracy. 
PI1.5 
CUEC-14: User entities are responsible for managing their 
data output from M365 for completeness, accuracy, and 
timeliness. 
PI1.4 
 


--- Page 36 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 32 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls (CSOCs) 
Microsoft’s controls related to the M365 Microservices system detailed in this report cover only a portion of 
overall internal control for each user entity of M365 Microservices. It is not feasible for the control criteria related 
to M365 Microservices to be achieved solely by the Service Organization. The software in scope for this report has 
varying dependencies on Azure and M365 services that are covered in separate assurance reports. The 
responsibility of these subservices organizations is considered in the execution and evaluation of the controls. 
Therefore, in conjunction with the Service Organization’s controls, a user entity must take into account the 
related complementary subservice organization controls expected to be implemented at the subservice 
organizations. The CSOCs associated with the subservice organizations are summarized in the table below. Refer 
to control mapping for more on the specific CSOCs associated with the criteria. 
Type of Services 
Provided 
Subservice Organization 
Name 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 
Control Criteria 
Platform as a 
Service (PaaS) / 
Infrastructure as 
a Service (IaaS) 
Microsoft Azure, including 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Microsoft Azure is responsible 
for maintaining controls over 
access management (including 
authentication), change 
management, operational 
controls, and data protection to 
the platform services 
supporting M365. 
Additionally, for services using 
Azure, Azure is responsible for 
maintaining controls over: 
• 
Secure transmission, 
handling, and storage 
of data (including 
encryption, 
redundancy, 
replication, and 
recovery). 
• 
Security and incident 
management, 
including incident 
identification and 
remediation, server 
vulnerability scanning, 
and patch 
management for 
M365 services hosted 
on the Azure platform. 
• 
Capacity and 
availability monitoring. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, 
CC6.3, CC6.5, 
CC6.6, CC6.7, 
CC7.1, CC7.2, 
CC7.3, CC7.4, 
CC7.5, CC9.1, 
A1.1, A1.2, A1.3, 
PI1.3, PI1.4, PI1.5, 
C1.1 


--- Page 37 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 33 
Type of Services 
Provided 
Subservice Organization 
Name 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 
Control Criteria 
Infrastructure as 
a Service (IaaS) 
Microsoft Azure, including 
Microsoft Datacenters 
Microsoft Datacenters is 
responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical access to 
the facilities supporting M365, 
including datacenters. 
Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for 
maintaining controls over: 
• 
Protection of the 
network environment, 
including perimeter 
firewalls, restricting 
access to network 
devices and monitoring 
network devices for 
compliance with 
security standards. 
• 
Physical access to the 
facilities, including data 
centers, supporting 
M365. 
• 
Environmental threats 
(including natural 
disasters and man-
made threats).  
• 
Physical data storage, 
protection, and 
disposal services 
supporting M365. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, 
CC6.3, CC6.4, 
CC6.5, CC6.6, 
CC6.7, CC6.8, 
CC7.1, CC7.2, 
CC7.3, CC7.4, 
CC7.5, CC9.1, 
A1.2, A1.3, PI1.5, 
C1.1 
Authentication, 
Logical Access, 
Security and 
Incident 
Management, 
Vulnerability 
Scanning, Patch 
Management 
M365 Central Services 
M365 Central Services is 
responsible for maintaining 
controls over authentication 
and logical access. 
Additionally, M365 Central 
Services is responsible for 
maintaining controls over 
security, incident management, 
vulnerability scanning, and 
patch management. 
CC6.1, CC6.2, 
CC6.3, CC.6.6, 
CC6.7, CC6.8, 
CC7.1, CC7.2, 
CC7.3, CC7.4, 
CC7.5, C1.1 


--- Page 38 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 34 
Type of Services 
Provided 
Subservice Organization 
Name 
Complementary Subservice 
Organization Controls 
Relevant SOC 2 
Control Criteria 
Data 
Transmission, 
Storage, 
Redundancy, and 
Replication 
M365 Microservices Type 2 
M365 Microservices Type 2 is 
responsible for maintaining 
controls over operational 
controls and data protection to 
the platform services 
supporting M365. 
 
Additionally, for services using 
M365 Microservices Type 2, 
M365 Microservices Type 2 is 
responsible for maintaining 
controls over secure 
transmission, handling, and 
storage of data (including 
encryption, redundancy, and 
replication). 
CC6.1, CC6.7, 
CC9.1, A1.2, A1.3, 
PI1.3, PI1.5, C1.1,  


--- Page 39 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 35 
Trust Services Criteria and M365 Microservices Control Activities provided by Microsoft  
Note: There are certain gaps in control activity numbering as a result of updates to the control environment and supporting policies and procedures. Thus, 
the following control numbers are intentionally omitted: CA-06, CA-19, CA-26, CA-27, CA-28, CA-32, CA-38, CA-39, CA-40, CA-41, CA-42, CA-47, CA-48, CA-
52, CA-56 to CA-65, ELC-05, ELC-10, ELC-13, and ELC-14. 
Criteria Common to All Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, and Confidentiality Principles 
CC1.0 – Common Criteria Related to the Control Environment 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.1 – COSO Principle 1: The entity 
demonstrates a commitment to integrity 
and ethical values. 
CA-04 – Employees hold periodic “connects” with their managers to validate they are on the expected Career Path and 
facilitate greater collaboration. They also review their performance against their documented deliverables (priorities) and 
discuss the results with their managers. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and the 
Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued commitment to ethical business 
practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business Conduct 
training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are tracked and 
followed up with appropriately. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for implementing 
security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk assessment, 
access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go for additional 
information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-01 – Microsoft’s values are accessible to employees via the Values SharePoint site and are updated as necessary by 
management. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and non-
employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and 
asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which 
describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information and information system usage, including 
the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. 
Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 


--- Page 40 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 36 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.2 – COSO Principle 2: The board of 
directors demonstrates independence from 
management and exercises oversight of the 
development and performance of internal 
control. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for implementing 
security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk assessment, 
access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go for additional 
information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-03 – The Audit Committee (AC) reviews its Charter and Responsibilities as listed in its calendar on an annual basis. 
The AC Responsibilities include meeting with the external and internal auditors on a quarterly basis; providing oversight 
on the development and performance of controls; and completing an annual self-evaluation. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
CC1.3 – COSO Principle 3: Management 
establishes, with board oversight, 
structures, reporting lines, and appropriate 
authorities and responsibilities in the 
pursuit of objectives. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 environment. 
Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and service availability. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 


--- Page 41 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 37 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.4 – COSO Principle 4: The entity 
demonstrates a commitment to attract, 
develop, and retain competent individuals 
in alignment with objectives. 
CA-04 – Employees hold periodic “connects” with their managers to validate they are on the expected Career Path and 
facilitate greater collaboration. They also review their performance against their documented deliverables (priorities) 
and discuss the results with their managers. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and 
the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued commitment to ethical 
business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business 
Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are 
tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform a 
background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are granted access 
to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
ELC-01 – Microsoft’s values are accessible to employees via the Values SharePoint site and are updated as necessary by 
management. 
ELC-06 – The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing plans for executive officer 
development and corporate succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 


--- Page 42 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 38 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC1.5 – COSO Principle 5: The entity holds 
individuals accountable for their internal 
control responsibilities in the pursuit of 
objectives. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 environment. 
Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and service availability. 
CA-04 – Employees hold periodic “connects” with their managers to validate they are on the expected Career Path and 
facilitate greater collaboration. They also review their performance against their documented deliverables (priorities) 
and discuss the results with their managers. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and 
the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued commitment to ethical 
business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business 
Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are 
tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and non-
employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and 
asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which 
describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information and information system usage, 
including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information 
security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
 
 


--- Page 43 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 39 
CC2.0 – Common Criteria Related to Communication and Information 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.1 – COSO Principle 13: The entity obtains 
or generates and uses relevant, quality 
information to support the functioning of 
internal control. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its commitments and 
requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service offerings of 
M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed 
acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 


--- Page 44 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 40 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.2 – COSO Principle 14: The entity 
internally communicates information, 
including objectives and responsibilities for 
internal control, necessary to support the 
functioning of internal control. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and 
the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued commitment to ethical 
business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business 
Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are 
tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in the control 
framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing integrity requirements. This 
information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-16 – Customers can report issues and potential incidents by creating a service request through the admin portal, 
which includes the option for telephone support. Service request status and activity can be viewed through the Admin 
Center. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the M365 
environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 


--- Page 45 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 41 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.2 – COSO Principle 14 (continued): The 
entity internally communicates information, 
including objectives and responsibilities for 
internal control, necessary to support the 
functioning of internal control. 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and data access 
for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based on risk. 
Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-09 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and key management 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and non-
employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and 
asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which 
describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information and information system usage, 
including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information 
security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 


--- Page 46 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 42 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC2.3 – COSO Principle 15: The entity 
communicates with external parties 
regarding matters affecting the functioning 
of internal control. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and 
the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued commitment to ethical 
business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business 
Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are 
tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-10 – M365 provides customers and external users self-service with compliance reporting related to M365's services 
and systems within the Service Trust Portal website. In addition to compliance reporting, the Service Trust Portal details 
the customer's and external user's responsibilities for service and system operation. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in the control 
framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing integrity requirements. This 
information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-14 – Changes and updates to the M365 environment are communicated through the Admin Message Center part of 
the M365 Admin Center. 
CA-15 – Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer through the 
Service Health Center. 
CA-16 – Customers can report issues and potential incidents by creating a service request through the admin portal, 
which includes the option for telephone support. Service request status and activity can be viewed through the Admin 
Center. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
ELC-02 – Microsoft maintains several mechanisms (email, phone, fax, website) that permit employees and non-
employees to communicate confidential and / or anonymous reports concerning Business Conduct. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and 
asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which 
describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information and information system usage, 
including the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information 
security. Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 
 
 
 


--- Page 47 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 43 
CC3.0 – Common Criteria Related to Risk Assessment  
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.1 – COSO Principle 6: The entity 
specifies objectives with sufficient clarity to 
enable the identification and assessment of 
risks relating to objectives. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 environment. 
Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and service availability. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its commitments and 
requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-09 – M365 system information regarding the design and operation of its services is available to users online through 
Microsoft web portals. Guidelines and recommendations for the secure use of the cloud services, as applicable, are 
communicated to customers.  
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and reviews results with 
management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS control environment by 
reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective actions. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The results of the review 
process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and reviewed at least annually by relevant risk 
owners. 
C5-CA-21 – Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the services that will be 
provided and data handled. A list of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are reviewed at least annually. 


--- Page 48 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 44 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.1 – COSO Principle 6 (continued): The 
entity specifies objectives with sufficient 
clarity to enable the identification and 
assessment of risks relating to objectives. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed 
acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
ELC-12 – Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, depending on the 
role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a Statement of Work. Outsourced 
providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s supplier code of conduct. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and 
addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated 
responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, 
Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
CC3.2 – COSO Principle 7: The entity 
identifies risks to the achievement of its 
objectives across the entity and analyzes risks 
as a basis for determining how the risks 
should be managed. 
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its commitments and 
requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security incidents. 
These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 


--- Page 49 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 45 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.2 – COSO Principle 7 (continued): The 
entity identifies risks to the achievement of 
its objectives across the entity and analyzes 
risks as a basis for determining how the risks 
should be managed. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) review and reviews results with 
management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS control environment by 
reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective 
actions. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The results of the 
review process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and reviewed at least annually by 
relevant risk owners. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed 
acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
ELC-09 – Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is ready to mitigate 
risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that enables the business to continue to 
operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter provides a strategic direction and leadership to all 
Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the 
program adheres to a coherent long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, 
methods, policies, and metrics.   
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 


--- Page 50 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 46 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.3 – COSO Principle 8: The entity 
considers the potential for fraud in assessing 
risks to the achievement of objectives. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed 
acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 


--- Page 51 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 47 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC3.4 – COSO Principle 9: The entity 
identifies and assesses changes that could 
significantly impact the system of internal 
control. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-06 – The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing plans for executive officer 
development and corporate succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed 
acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
 
 
 


--- Page 52 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 48 
CC4.0 – Common Criteria Related to Monitoring Activities 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC4.1 – COSO Principle 16: The entity selects, 
develops, and performs ongoing and / or 
separate evaluations to ascertain whether 
the components of internal control are 
present and functioning. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service offerings of 
M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to 
identify and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed 
acceptable thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
ELC-11 – Audit activities are planned and agreed upon in advance by stakeholders and any access required to perform 
the audits requires approval. Audit findings are addressed relative to their criticality. 


--- Page 53 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 49 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC4.2 – COSO Principle 17: The entity 
evaluates and communicates internal control 
deficiencies in a timely manner to those 
parties responsible for taking corrective 
action, including senior management and the 
board of directors, as appropriate.  
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service offerings of 
M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-15 – Service impacting incidents, including security incidents, are communicated to the customer through the 
Service Health Center. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-11 – Audit activities are planned and agreed upon in advance by stakeholders and any access required to perform 
the audits requires approval. Audit findings are addressed relative to their criticality. 


--- Page 54 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 50 
CC5.0 – Common Criteria Related to Control Activities 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.1 – COSO Principle 10: The entity selects 
and develops control activities that 
contribute to the mitigation of risks to the 
achievement of objectives to acceptable 
levels. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production environment per 
defined criteria, including a code review. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify 
and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable 
thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 


--- Page 55 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 51 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.1 – COSO Principle 10 (continued): The 
entity selects and develops control activities 
that contribute to the mitigation of risks to 
the achievement of objectives to acceptable 
levels. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and 
addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated responsibilities 
are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in 
reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
CC5.2 – COSO Principle 11: The entity also 
selects and develops general control 
activities over technology to support the 
achievement of objectives. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes.  
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
ELC-07 – The Enterprise Risk Management Office (ERMO) has established an entity wide risk assessment process to identify 
and manage risks across Microsoft. Risk assessment results are reviewed bi-annually and risks that exceed acceptable 
thresholds are reported to the Board of Directors on behalf of senior management. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and 
addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated responsibilities 
are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, Procurement) in 
reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 


--- Page 56 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 52 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.3 – COSO Principle 12: The entity 
deploys control activities through policies 
that establish what is expected and in 
procedures that put policies into action. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-07 – The Microsoft Compliance & Ethics team updates the Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) as necessary and 
the Code is made available internally and externally. The SBC reflects Microsoft’s continued commitment to ethical 
business practices and regulatory compliance. The Compliance & Ethics team provides an annual Standards of Business 
Conduct training course that is mandatory for all employees. Employees who do not complete the training on time are 
tracked and followed up with appropriately. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go 
for additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-25 – Based on meetings with CELA (Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs) and other Microsoft groups, the M365 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the control framework to meet regulatory, industry, or technology 
changes. 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the M365 
environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 


--- Page 57 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 53 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC5.3 – COSO Principle 12 (continued): The 
entity deploys control activities through 
policies that establish what is expected and 
in procedures that put policies into action. 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and data access 
for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the M365 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based on risk. 
Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-09 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover encryption procedures and key management 
within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and storage of 
metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The policies define that 
metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
ELC-04 – Internal Audit Charter directs Internal Audit to provide independent and objective audit, investigative, and 
advisory services designed to provide assurance that the company is appropriately addressing its risks. The scope and 
frequency of assurance activities is based on an annual risk assessment. 
 
 


--- Page 58 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 54 
CC6.0 – Common Criteria Related to Logical and Physical Access Controls 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.1 – The entity implements logical access 
security software, infrastructure, and 
architectures over protected information 
assets to protect them from security events 
to meet the entity’s objectives. 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform a 
background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are granted access 
to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-34 – Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates policy on periodic 
change and password complexity. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration settings, 
including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings is manually 
reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-36 – Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator access to the 
production environment. 
CA-37 – Each M365 Online Service customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' content. 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the M365 
environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and data access for 
the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 


--- Page 59 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 55 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.1 (continued) – The entity implements 
logical access security software, 
infrastructure, and architectures over 
protected information assets to protect them 
from security events to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between Azure and M365 
services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures are 
established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on role. 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic from management 
traffic. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the M365 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security practices prior to 
being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-15 – The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to select personnel. 
Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data. 
Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-09 – M365 Central Services – M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over authentication 
and logical access. 
CSOC-10 – M365 Central Services – M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
 


--- Page 60 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 56 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.1 (continued) – The entity implements 
logical access security software, 
infrastructure, and architectures over 
protected information assets to protect them 
from security events to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor continued 
appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 


--- Page 61 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 57 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.2 – Prior to issuing system credentials 
and granting system access, the entity 
registers and authorizes new internal and 
external users whose access is administered 
by the entity. For those users whose access is 
administered by the entity, user system 
credentials are removed when user access is 
no longer authorized. 
 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform a 
background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are granted access 
to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration settings, 
including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings is manually 
reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-434 – When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are revoked in a timely 
manner.   
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and data access 
for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures are 
established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on role. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the M365 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security practices prior to 
being connected to the production environment. 
 
 
4 An exception was identified for this control – Exception Noted. 6 of 25 samples were not removed timely. 


--- Page 62 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 58 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.2 (continued) – Prior to issuing system 
credentials and granting system access, the 
entity registers and authorizes new internal 
and external users whose access is 
administered by the entity. For those users 
whose access is administered by the entity, 
user system credentials are removed when 
user access is no longer authorized. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 - Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 - Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-09 - M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over authentication 
and logical access. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor continued 
appropriateness of access. 
CC6.3 – The entity authorizes, modifies, or 
removes access to data, software, functions, 
and other protected information assets 
based on roles, responsibilities, or the system 
design and changes, giving consideration to 
the concepts of least privilege and 
segregation of duties, to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
CA-08 – The M365 Service group works with Microsoft Human Resources and vendor companies to perform a 
background check on new or transferred personnel worldwide, where permitted by law before they are granted access 
to the M365 production assets containing customer content. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration settings, 
including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings is manually 
reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-434 – When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are revoked in a timely 
manner.   
 


--- Page 63 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 59 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.3 (continued) – The entity authorizes, 
modifies, or removes access to data, 
software, functions, and other protected 
information assets based on roles, 
responsibilities, or the system design and 
changes, giving consideration to the concepts 
of least privilege and segregation of duties, 
to meet the entity’s objectives. 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and data access 
for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between Azure and 
M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures are 
established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on role. 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic from management 
traffic. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the M365 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security practices prior to 
being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data. 
Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 


--- Page 64 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 60 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.3 (continued) – The entity authorizes, 
modifies, or removes access to data, 
software, functions, and other protected 
information assets based on roles, 
responsibilities, or the system design and 
changes, giving consideration to the concepts 
of least privilege and segregation of duties, 
to meet the entity’s objectives. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-09 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over authentication 
and logical access. 
CSOC-10 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor continued 
appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
CC6.4 – The entity restricts physical access to 
facilities and protected information assets 
(for example, data center facilities, back-up 
media storage, and other sensitive locations) 
to authorized personnel to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats including natural 
disasters and man-made threats. 
CSOC-07 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 


--- Page 65 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 61 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.5 – The entity discontinues logical and 
physical protections over physical assets only 
after the ability to read or recover data and 
software from those assets has been 
diminished and is no longer required to meet 
the entity’s objectives. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 - Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
CSOC-07 - Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 
CC6.6 – The entity implements logical access 
security measures to protect against threats 
from sources outside its system boundaries. 
 
CA-05 – Annually, the Governance, Risk, and Compliance team updates the data flow diagrams and service offerings of 
M365 with the individuals that act as point of contact for each service offering. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-34 – Identity of users is authenticated to M365 Services. The use of passwords incorporates policy on periodic 
change and password complexity. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration settings, 
including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings is manually 
reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-36 – Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator access to the 
production environment. 


--- Page 66 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 62 
CC6.6 (continued) – The entity implements 
logical access security measures to protect 
against threats from sources outside its 
system boundaries. 
C5-CA-03 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the management and provisioning of system and data access 
for the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Provisioning of access 
 - Separation of duties  
 - Role / Eligibility approval process 
 - Access termination 
 - Required access control documentation 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the M365 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-10 – M365 has established policies for mobile computing devices to meet appropriate security practices prior to 
being connected to the production environment. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data for 
potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation 
as needed. 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data allows an unambiguous identification of user accesses to support further analysis in the 
event of a security incident. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 - Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-09 - M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over authentication and 
logical access. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-01 – User entities properly authorize users who are granted access to the resources and monitor continued 
appropriateness of access. 
CUEC-02 – User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-03 – User entities are responsible for managing their users’ password authentication mechanism. 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 


--- Page 67 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 63 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.7 – The entity restricts the transmission, 
movement, and removal of information to 
authorized internal and external users and 
processes, and protects it during 
transmission, movement, or removal to meet 
the entity’s objectives. 
CA-36 – Authentication over an encrypted Remote Desktop Connection is used for administrator access to the 
production environment. 
CA-37 – Each M365 Online Service customer's content is segregated from other Online Services customers' content. 
CA-44 – Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data center and between 
data centers. 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines infected systems. 
Antimalware signatures are updated as available. 
CA-54 – Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between Azure and 
M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-06 – Network traffic within the M365 environment is segregated to separate customer traffic from management 
traffic. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the M365 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based on risk. 
Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and stored via the 
M365 Administrator Tool. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data. 
Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 


--- Page 68 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 64 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.7 (continued) – The entity restricts the 
transmission, movement, and removal of 
information to authorized internal and 
external users and processes, and protects it 
during transmission, movement, or removal 
to meet the entity’s objectives. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-01 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over authentication and logical access, including account provisioning and deprovisioning, to the platform services 
supporting M365. 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-09 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over authentication 
and logical access. 
CSOC-10 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-02 – User entities establish proper controls over the use of system IDs and passwords. 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 


--- Page 69 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 65 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC6.8 – The entity implements controls to 
prevent or detect and act upon the 
introduction of unauthorized or malicious 
software to meet the entity’s objectives. 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines infected systems. 
Antimalware signatures are updated as available. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production environment per 
defined criteria, including a code review. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data for 
potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation 
as needed. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-10 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 


--- Page 70 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 66 
CC7.0 – Common Criteria Related to Systems Operations 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.1 – To meet its objectives, the entity 
uses detection and monitoring procedures to 
identify (1) changes to configurations that 
result in the introduction of new 
vulnerabilities, and (2) susceptibilities to 
newly discovered vulnerabilities. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 environment. 
Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and service availability. 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and stakeholders review and 
approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, availability, confidentiality, and 
processing integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
CA-305 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. Service 
capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-45 – Antimalware detects and prevents introduction of known vulnerabilities and quarantines infected systems. 
Antimalware signatures are updated as available. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production environment per 
defined criteria, including a code review. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-15 – The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to select personnel. 
Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data for 
potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation 
as needed. 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data allows an unambiguous identification of user accesses to support further analysis in the 
event of a security incident. 
 
 
5 M365 management noted that there was no occurrence for this control for Alchemy and Bing Teams. 
  


--- Page 71 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 67 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.1 (continued) – To meet its objectives, 
the entity uses detection and monitoring 
procedures to identify (1) changes to 
configurations that result in the introduction 
of new vulnerabilities, and (2) susceptibilities 
to newly discovered vulnerabilities. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-10 - M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
CSOC-11 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over capacity and availability monitoring. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 
CC7.2 – The entity monitors system 
components and the operation of those 
components for anomalies that are indicative 
of malicious acts, natural disasters, and 
errors affecting the entity's ability to meet its 
objectives; anomalies are analyzed to 
determine whether they represent security 
events. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
CA-305 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. Service 
capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, recovery 
objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. Results of the 
penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data for 
potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation 
as needed. 
C5-CA-20 – M365 log data allows an unambiguous identification of user accesses to support further analysis in the 
event of a security incident. 


--- Page 72 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 68 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.2 (continued) – The entity monitors 
system components and the operation of 
those components for anomalies that are 
indicative of malicious acts, natural disasters, 
and errors affecting the entity's ability to 
meet its objectives; anomalies are analyzed 
to determine whether they represent 
security events. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters– Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-10 - M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
CSOC-11 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over capacity and availability monitoring. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-07 – User entities conduct end-user training. 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 


--- Page 73 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 69 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.3 – The entity evaluates security events 
to determine whether they could or have 
resulted in a failure of the entity to meet its 
objectives (security incidents) and, if so, 
takes actions to prevent or address such 
failures. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security incidents. 
These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management.  
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis.  
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-08 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including configuration management, incident management, and 
vulnerability scanning and remediation. 
CSOC-10 - M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 


--- Page 74 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 70 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.4 – The entity responds to identified 
security incidents by executing a defined 
incident response program to understand, 
contain, remediate, and communicate 
security incidents, as appropriate. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 environment. 
Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and service availability. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security incidents. 
These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go for 
additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and stakeholders review and 
approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-10 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 


--- Page 75 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 71 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.5 – The entity identifies, develops, and 
implements activities to recover from 
identified security incidents. 
CA-01 – An M365 security team has been defined and is responsible for Security issues within the M365 environment. 
Service teams have operations personnel who are responsible for system operation and service availability. 
CA-13 – Incident response guides are used by M365 personnel for the handling and reporting of security incidents. 
These guides are stored on internal SharePoint sites and are updated as needed. 
CA-17 – M365 adheres to Microsoft Security Policy. This policy defines accountability and responsibility for 
implementing security and evaluating efficacy of security controls. It addresses asset classification (to include data), risk 
assessment, access control, change control and acceptance, incident response, exceptions, training, and where to go for 
additional information. The policy is available on the intranet. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
ELC-09 – Microsoft’s Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is ready to mitigate 
risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that enables the business to continue to 
operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way.  The EBCM charter provides a strategic direction and leadership to all 
Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the 
program adheres to a coherent long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, 
methods, policies, and metrics.   
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-04 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over security and incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, 
and patch management for M365 services hosted on the Azure platform. 


--- Page 76 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 72 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC7.5 (continued) – The entity identifies, 
develops, and implements activities to 
recover from identified security incidents. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network devices 
and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-10 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 
 
 


--- Page 77 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 73 
CC8.0 – Common Criteria Related to Change Management 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC8.1 – The entity authorizes, designs, 
develops or acquires, configures, documents, 
tests, approves, and implements changes to 
infrastructure, data, software, and 
procedures to meet its objectives.   
CA-03 – Senior Management, as part of its major system release planning process, considers its commitments and 
requirements for Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity. 
CA-11 – On an annual basis services are updated to reflect changes made to the M365 control framework. 
CA-14 – Changes and updates to the M365 environment are communicated through the Admin Message Center part of 
the M365 Admin Center. 
CA-18 – Changes and software releases within the M365 environment are documented / tracked and are approved 
prior to implementation into production. 
CA-20 – Emergency changes to the production environment follow an emergency change approval process. 
CA-21 – Testing is carried out on all changes according to established procedures. Users and stakeholders review and 
approve results of testing prior to implementation. 
CA-46 – Production releases undergo a security review prior to their release into the production environment per 
defined criteria, including a code review. 
C5-CA-02 – In case of errors or security concerns, changes are rolled back to their previous state or rolled forward to a 
corrected state. 
C5-CA-05 – Code repositories are used for managing source code changes to the M365 platform. Procedures are 
established for authorized M365 personnel to submit source code changes. Authorization is based on role. 
C5-CA-15 – The access and management of the logging and monitoring functionalities is limited to select personnel. 
Changes to the logging and monitoring are approved by the engineering teams. 


--- Page 78 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 74 
CC9.0 – Common Criteria Related to Risk Mitigation 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC9.1 – The entity identifies, selects, and 
develops risk mitigation activities for risks 
arising from potential business disruptions. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, recovery 
objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. Results of the 
penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) reviews and reviews results 
with management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS control environment 
by reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective 
actions. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The results of the 
review process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and reviewed at least annually by 
relevant risk owners. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data for 
potential security events. Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation 
as needed. 
C5-CA-22 – Procedures are established and documented to evaluate government investigative demands for customer 
data. Procedures address a review and assessment by the Microsoft legal department, which will evaluate the legal 
basis for the request to determine what response is required, notify the impacted customer where permitted by law, 
where Microsoft is required to produce customer data, work with engineering to collect and produce the minimum 
data responsive to the request as required by law. Procedures are reviewed at least annually. 


--- Page 79 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 75 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC9.1 (continued) – The entity identifies, 
selects, and develops risk mitigation activities 
for risks arising from potential business 
disruptions. 
ELC-09 – Microsoft's Enterprise Business Continuity program is intended to ensure that Microsoft is ready to mitigate 
risks and vulnerabilities and respond to a major disruptive event in a manner that enables the business to continue to 
operate in a safe, predictable, and reliable way. The EBCM charter provides a strategic direction and leadership to all 
Microsoft Engineering organizations. EBCM is governed through the Program Management Office to ensure that the 
program adheres to a coherent long-term vision and mission, and is consistent with enterprise program standards, 
methods, policies, and metrics.   
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-03 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over data replication and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical access to the facilities, including data centers, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft 
Datacenters is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats including natural 
disasters and man-made threats. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
CC9.2 – The entity assesses and manages 
risks associated with vendors and business 
partners. 
CA-22 – Microsoft takes a deliberate approach to risk management and annually conducts a risk assessment. The 
purpose is to identify and prioritize the threats facing M365 and prioritize the most preeminent risks based on impact, 
likelihood, and management’s controls. Additionally, clear ownership is established for each risk and its mitigation 
strategy. This is reviewed annually by M365 management with ownership assigned out to individual teams and their 
management. 
CA-23 – Risk mitigation strategies and controls that are identified through the annual risk assessment are tracked and 
reviewed by the assigned owner on a periodic basis. 
CA-24 – Effectiveness of existing controls are assessed internally, through risk assessments, vulnerability scanning, and 
other methods, as well as by third parties on an annual basis. Findings are addressed with corrective actions, which are 
tracked and completed in a timely manner. 
CA-53 – M365 monitors its dependencies on Microsoft Azure through obtaining and evaluating attestation reports 
when available. 
C5-CA-17 – M365 performs an annual Information Security Management System (ISMS) reviews and reviews results with 
management. This involves monitoring ongoing effectiveness and improvement of the ISMS control environment by 
reviewing security issues, audit results, and monitoring status, and by planning and tracking necessary corrective actions. 


--- Page 80 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 76 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
CC9.2 (continued) – The entity assesses and 
manages risks associated with vendors and 
business partners. 
C5-CA-18 – M365 has a defined exception program where exceptions are reviewed and tracked. The results of the review 
process are documented, and if approved the exception is limited in time and reviewed at least annually by relevant risk 
owners. 
C5-CA-21 – Prior to contracting with Microsoft, suppliers undergo a risk assessment based on the services that will be 
provided and data handled. A list of reviewed suppliers is maintained and their risk profiles are reviewed at least annually. 
ELC-08 – Microsoft requires employees and contractors to sign agreements that include non-disclosure provisions and 
asset protection responsibilities, upon hire. In addition, employees are provided Microsoft’s Employee Handbook, which 
describes the responsibilities and expected behavior with regard to information and information system usage, including 
the consequences of violating relevant laws, regulations, provisions, and policies regarding information security. 
Employees are required to acknowledge agreements to return Microsoft assets upon termination. 
ELC-12 – Management expects outsourced providers to meet certain levels of skills and experience, depending on the 
role and holds them accountable to achieving specific deliverables, as outlined in a Statement of Work. Outsourced 
providers are trained to understand and comply with Microsoft’s supplier code of conduct. 
ELC-15 – Security risks related to external parties (such as customers, contractors and vendors) are identified and 
addressed within the M365 environment based on Microsoft’s corporate procurement process. Designated 
responsibilities are defined to coordinate with relevant corporate groups (e.g., Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs, 
Procurement) in reviewing risks associated with external parties and establishing relevant agreements. 
  
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-07 – User entities conduct end-user training. 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 
 
 


--- Page 81 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 77 
Additional Criteria for Availability 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
A1.1 – The entity maintains, monitors, and 
evaluates current processing capacity and 
use of system components (infrastructure, 
data, and software) to manage capacity 
demand and to enable the implementation 
of additional capacity to help meet its 
objectives. 
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
CA-305 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. Service 
capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-31 – M365 management reviews capacity and availability on at least a monthly basis. Any issues with or changes to 
capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-11 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over capacity and availability monitoring. 


--- Page 82 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 78 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
A1.2 – The entity authorizes, designs, 
develops or acquires, implements, operates, 
approves, maintains, and monitors 
environmental protections, software, data 
back-up processes, and recovery 
infrastructure to meet its objectives.   
CA-29 – Each Service team has on-call personnel who respond to potential Security, Availability, Confidentiality, and 
Processing Integrity incidents. If an incident is assigned a high severity, the M365 Security team will track and address 
the issues to resolution. 
CA-49 – Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and / or other redundancy measures supporting 
the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, recovery 
objectives, testing requirements (up to full data center failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and stored via the 
M365 Administrator Tool. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. Results of the 
penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-03 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over data replication and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical access to the facilities, including datacenters, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft Datacenters 
is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats including natural disasters and man-
made threats. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-06 – User entities secure the software and hardware used to access M365. 


--- Page 83 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 79 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
A1.3 – The entity tests recovery plan 
procedures supporting system recovery to 
meet its objectives.   
CA-49 – Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and / or other redundancy measures supporting 
the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-50 – Service teams participate in Business Continuity programs, which specify, based on criticality, recovery 
objectives, testing requirements (up to full datacenter failover), and remediation timelines. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
C5-CA-16 – Microsoft participates in penetration testing of key components of the M365 environment. Results of the 
penetration tests are documented and any critical findings are remedied. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-03 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over data replication and redundancy to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-06 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical access to the facilities, including datacenters, supporting M365. Additionally, Microsoft Datacenters 
is responsible for maintaining controls for M365 that address environmental threats including natural disasters and man-
made threats. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
 


--- Page 84 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 80 
Additional Criteria for Processing Integrity 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.1 – The entity obtains or generates, uses, 
and communicates relevant, quality 
information regarding the objectives related 
to processing, including definitions of data 
processed and product and service 
specifications, to support the use of products 
and services. 
CA-02 – An M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in the control 
framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing integrity requirements. This 
information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-66 – Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
C5-CA-01 – Microsoft has policies documented to cover the development of information systems within the M365 
environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams and cover the following:  
 - Security standards  
 - Security Development Lifecycle 
 - Version control 
 - Programming policies 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and stored via the 
M365 Administrator Tool. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-08 – User entities are responsible for reporting any identified security, availability, processing integrity, and 
confidentiality issues. 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 
CUEC-12 – User entities are responsible for managing their data processing within M365 for completeness, accuracy, 
and timeliness. 


--- Page 85 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 81 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.2 – The entity implements policies and 
procedures over system inputs, including 
controls over completeness and accuracy, to 
result in products, services, and reporting to 
meet the entity’s objectives. 
CA-02 – A M365 Governance, Risk, and Compliance team has been defined and is responsible for Security, Availability, 
Confidentiality, and Processing Integrity controls within the M365 environment. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in the control 
framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing integrity requirements. This 
information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and storage of 
metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The policies define that  
metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-11 – User entities are responsible for managing their data inputs and data uploads to M365 for completeness, 
accuracy, and timeliness. 
CUEC-12 – User entities are responsible for managing their data processing within M365 for completeness, accuracy, 
and timeliness. 


--- Page 86 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 82 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.3 – The entity implements policies and 
procedures over system processing to result 
in products, services, and reporting to meet 
the entity’s objectives. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in the control 
framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing integrity requirements. This 
information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-305 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. Service 
capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-31 – M365 management reviews capacity and availability on at least a monthly basis. Any issues with or changes to 
capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
CA-49 – Procedures have been established for local redundant storage and / or other redundancy measures supporting 
the availability of applications and customer content. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and storage of 
metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The policies define that 
metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-11 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over capacity and availability monitoring. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-12 – User entities are responsible for managing their data processing within M365 for completeness, accuracy, 
and timeliness. 


--- Page 87 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 83 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.4 – The entity implements policies and 
procedures to make available or deliver 
output completely, accurately, and timely in 
accordance with specifications to meet the 
entity’s objectives. 
CA-12 – M365 communicates its commitments to customers in SLAs. These commitments are reflected in the control 
framework, which defines regulatory, security, availability, confidentiality, and processing integrity requirements. This 
information is distributed internally through policies, training, and Office Hours. 
CA-305 – Processing capacity and availability metrics are visible to Service teams through the dashboard. Service 
capacity and availability incidents are alerted and resolved by the on-call personnel as needed. 
CA-31 – M365 management reviews capacity and availability on at least a monthly basis. Any issues with or changes to 
capacity and availability are tracked to resolution. 
C5-CA-11 – Customer data is accessible within agreed upon services in data formats compatible with providing those 
services. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and storage of 
metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The policies define that 
metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-11 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters - Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over capacity and availability monitoring. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-14 – User entities are responsible for managing their data output from M365 for completeness, accuracy, and 
timeliness. 


--- Page 88 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 84 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
PI1.5 – The entity implements policies and 
procedures to store inputs, items in 
processing, and outputs completely, 
accurately, and timely in accordance with 
system specifications to meet the entity’s 
objectives. 
CA-33.a – Requests for new access, or modifications to existing access, are submitted and approved prior to 
provisioning employee, contractor, and service provider access to specific applications or information resources. 
CA-33.b – Elevated access within the M365 production environment is approved by an authorized user. 
CA-35.a – Access to privileged accounts is configured to be revoked automatically based on access expiration settings, 
including inactivity and Manager / Cost Center changes. 
CA-35.b – Elevated access within the M365 environment that is not subject to automatic expiration settings is manually 
reviewed on a periodic basis. 
CA-51 – Customer content and services are replicated to a geographically separate location. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements.  
C5-CA-11 – Customer data is accessible within agreed upon services in data formats compatible with providing those 
services. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and stored via the 
M365 Administrator Tool. 
C5-CA-13 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to communicate the secure collection and storage of 
metadata within the M365 environment. Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. The policies define that 
metadata is collected and used in accordance with contractual commitments. 
 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-07 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-10 – User entities are responsible for understanding and adhering to the contents of their service contracts, 
including commitments related to system security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality. 
CUEC-13 – User entities are responsible for managing their stored data for completeness and accuracy. 
 


--- Page 89 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 85 
Additional Criteria for Confidentiality 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
C1.1 – The entity identifies and maintains 
confidential information to meet the entity’s 
objectives related to confidentiality. 
CA-434 – When users no longer require access or upon termination the user access privileges are revoked in a timely 
manner.  
CA-44 – Data in motion is encrypted when transmitting data between the customer and the data center and between 
data centers. 
CA-54 – Data at rest is encrypted per policy. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
CA-66 – Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 
C5-CA-04 – Cryptographic certificates, keys, and customer access keys used for communication between Azure and 
M365 services and other internal components are stored securely. 
C5-CA-07 – Cryptographic controls are used for information protection within the M365 service based on the M365 
Cryptographic Policy and Key Management procedures. 
C5-CA-08 – Microsoft has policies and instructions documented to cover protection for data in motion, based on risk. 
Policies are communicated to M365 service teams. 
C5-CA-12 – M365 customers are able to determine the locations where their data is being processed and stored via the 
M365 Administrator Tool. 
C5-CA-14 – Administrator activity in the M365 environment is logged. 
C5-CA-19 – M365 has security information and event management (SIEM) software that monitors logging data. 
Potential events are identified and reported to appropriate personnel for further evaluation as needed. 


--- Page 90 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 86 
Criteria 
Microsoft 365 Control Activity 
C1.1 (continued) – The entity identifies and 
maintains confidential information to meet 
the entity’s objectives related to 
confidentiality. 
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls 
CSOC-02 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Azure is responsible for maintaining controls 
over data encryption for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. 
CSOC-05 – Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over protection of the network environment, including perimeter firewalls, restricting access to network 
devices and monitoring network devices for compliance with security standards. 
CSOC-07 - Microsoft Azure, including Microsoft Datacenters – Microsoft Datacenters is responsible for maintaining 
controls over physical data storage, protection, and disposal services supporting M365. 
CSOC-09 – M365 Central Services – M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over 
authentication and logical access. 
CSOC-10 – M365 Central Services– M365 Central Services is responsible for maintaining controls over security and 
incident management, including incident identification and remediation, server vulnerability scanning, and patch 
management. 
CSOC-12 – M365 Microservices Type 2 - M365 Microservices Type 2 is responsible for maintaining controls over data 
encryption and data segregation for data at rest and in motion to the platform services supporting M365. M365 
Microservices Type 2 is also responsible for maintaining controls over data replication and redundancy to the platform 
services supporting M365. 
 
Complementary User Entity Controls 
CUEC-04 – User entities enforce desired level of encryption for network sessions. 
C1.2 – The entity disposes of confidential 
information to meet the entity’s objectives 
related to confidentiality. 
CA-55 – Customer content is retained after termination of M365 subscriptions per agreed upon commitments with the 
customer in the contract and Service Licensing Agreements. 
CA-66 – Production data is classified and protected based upon the M365 data classification process. 


--- Page 91 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 87 
Section 4:  
Supplemental Information Provided by 
Management of Microsoft 


--- Page 92 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 88 
Section 4: Supplemental Information Provided by 
Management of Microsoft 
The information included in this section is presented by Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) to provide additional 
information to user entities and is not part of Microsoft’s description of the system. The information included 
here in this section has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the description of the 
system, and accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP expresses no opinion on it. 
Business Continuity Planning 
The Microsoft 365 (“M365”) service incorporates resilient and redundant features in each service and utilizes 
Microsoft’s enterprise-level datacenters. These datacenters use the same operational practices as Microsoft’s 
corporate line of business applications. The M365 team’s long experience in operating highly available services, 
combined with the company’s close ties to the product groups and support services, provides a comprehensive 
solution for the company’s online services with the ability to meet the high standards of its customers. 
The company’s online services’ designs include provisions to quickly recover from unexpected events such as 
hardware or application failure, data corruption, or other incidents that may affect a subset of the user 
population. The company’s service continuity solutions and framework are based on industry best practice and 
are updated on a regular basis to support Microsoft’s ability to recover from a major outage in a timely manner. 
Domain Name Services 
M365 Domain Name Service (DNS) provides authoritative name resolution for a subset of public-facing domains 
associated with M365. These domains can be purchased by customers to rename their domain URLs.  
Datacenter Services 
The Microsoft Datacenters Management team has overall responsibility for the oversight of datacenter 
operations, including physical security, site services (server deployments and break / fix work), infrastructure 
build-out, critical environment operations and maintenance, and facilities management. Site Security Officers are 
responsible for monitoring the physical security of the facility 24x7. 
The Microsoft Datacenters Management team conducts periodic operational reviews with the key third-party 
vendors that support the Microsoft Datacenters. The purpose of the operational reviews is to discuss the current 
state of agreed-upon deliverables. Third-party vendors have specific statements of work with service level 
agreements that are monitored for compliance and adherence. Statements of work are reviewed on a periodic 
basis and updates are made accordingly, as business needs require. 
ISO / IEC Standards 42001:2023, 27001:2022, ISO 27002:2022, 27017:2015, 
27018:2019, 27701:2019, and 22301:2019 
M365 is compliant with ISO standard 42001:2023 and meets the requirements of ISO 27001:2022, 27002:2022, 
27017:2015, and 27018:2019, published jointly by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and 
the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC). M365 is also compliant with ISO standards 22301:2019 and 
27701:2019. 


--- Page 93 ---
 
System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report for Microsoft 365 – Microservices (Type 1) - Page 89 
ISO27000 series of standards were developed in the context of the following core principles: 
“The preservation of confidentiality (ensuring that information is accessible only to those authorized to have 
access), integrity (safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of information and processing methods) and 
availability (ensuring that authorized users have access to information and associated assets when required).”  
M365 has been certified against the above standards by Mastermind (42001) and the British Standards Institute 
(BSI). To view the certificates, see the Certificate / Client Directory Search Results page located on the BSI Global 
website. Certificates are available for customers to download from the Microsoft Service Trust Portal. 
NIST 800-53 and FISMA 
M365 implements security processes and technology that adhere to the NIST 800-53 standards required by US 
federal agencies and have acquired FedRAMP Authority to Operate (ATO) from multiple federal agencies.  
Cloud Service Continuous Improvements 
M365 is a dynamic service, which Microsoft continually updates with the latest features and functionality. While 
new features and functionality are regularly being added, the risk-based controls applied to the new components 
are expected to remain consistent with the risk-based controls applied to the existing M365 suite of services. 
Management’s Response to Exceptions Identified 
The table below contains Management’s responses to the exceptions identified.  
Control Activity & Exception 
Management’s Response 
CA-43 – When users no longer require 
access or upon termination the user 
access privileges are revoked in a timely 
manner. 
 
Exception Noted. 6 of 25 samples were 
not removed timely. 
M365 systems synchronized with HR systems and consumed the 
data effectively, however, managers unfamiliar with the HR 
termination process did not submit termination data on time in 
the HR systems. To address this issue, M365 Leadership will 
collaborate with HR Leadership to ensure M365 managers are 
properly educated on termination procedures. 
Controls Not Subject to this Examination 
Control Activity  
Implementation Evaluation  
CA-30 – Processing capacity and 
availability metrics are visible to Service 
teams through the dashboard. Service 
capacity and availability incidents are 
alerted and resolved by the on-call 
personnel as needed.  
 
No Occurrence (Alchemy, Bing Teams).  
  
M365 management noted that there was no occurrence for this 
control for Alchemy and Bing Teams.  
 
